---
title: "Rankings & News October 2021"
description: "Rankings of the Top 20 players with more infos and news about occurences from Sepetember to October 2021"
author: "AfuroZamurai"
contributors: "the Amazing Community"
discord: true
date: 2021-10-07
---

## October 2021

### Rankings

This is a compilation of all players on the Android Top 20 leaderboard, compiled at the beginning of a month.

October Top 20 on the leaderboard (without f(t) as I didn't collected that then) and their Discord connection (Discord names in brackets are not their nicknames!):

1. GrimJuniper55831 (wind)

> The legend, whose presence here is not that rare but usually not daily. Often he complains about theories being too active, though he has them all way too high xD

2. GenErationNation (Gen)

> "Only" a bit above 1000 messages here but if there is anyone who can challenge wind it has to be Gen^^

3. Eldrail (AfuroZamurai)

> Always a bit difficult to write about oneself^^ Activity here is more in phases but at least pretty regularly (so daily), in the game I do like my idle theories (who could've guessed?) and pushing f(t). Currently battling for this third place...

4. counix86 (Arthurbdn)

> Basically not active, except for a short time when the french glitch happened and catapulted him to the top. Well, let's just say his T2 is like a year ahead of its time...

5. Antharion1988 (Antharion)

> The original legend, longtime #1, creator of the tau simulator and sadly not that active anymore (both in the game and on the server), though we can still see him (and he's certainly not given up^^) quite regularly.

6. HeadedArt26 (Playspout)

> If you ever looked at the record sheet you should know him because he's literally everywhere there (still holding him off from T2/T4 for now^^). Also pretty active here for quite a while! Added fun fact: did ee50000 without T9.

7. VintageSurfer56606 (kinger55)

> He has discovered the main reason to be on the server: the tau bot^^ Else he's not really participating but he's a force on the leaderboard for sure.

8. BlackSeal94 (BlackSeal)

> The old T6 champion and actually climbing the leaderboard, which is impressive! Seldom seen here but always great to see him update his insane T6 stat^^

9. thomas49250 (|Ü|N|THOMAS49)

> Shortly #1 for a while (made possible by the french glitch, though it certainly affected him less than counix) and fought hard but currently inactive since a few weeks... Maybe he'll return to his more active times on the server in the future?

10. Impyrio (Impiryo)

> No, that was no misspelling on my side^^ Here he's mainly using the bots and on the leaderboard his rise seems slow but consistent. 

11. Remmoire (?)

> Has been seen already but unclear what is name is here on the server. Certainly a constant on the top of the leaderboard, curious if a Top 10 spot is coming.

12. Fireburner80 (Gull Dewcat)

> His in-game activity seems to mirror his server activity: preferably idle. Long time around this spot, maybe he'll get the fire back and reclaim his old Top 10 spot?

13. harumaki200 (harumaki)

> So far with the lowest amount of Discord messages but at least still here^^ Also seems on the rise, though I can't say that for sure, not enough information.

14. pmloikjuyhbn (pmloikjuyhbn)

> What an abomination of a name xD Inactive on the server since middle of June, cannot say I remember much about his leaderboard development.

15. UnbelievableSlacker (Slacker)

> Probably slacking too often (sorry, couldn't help it) but he was pretty active on the server for a while some time ago. Never give up the hope to see him again^^

16. JuannTitor (JuanTitor)

> I feel I saw him rise in the rankings over the past few months and certainly remember seeing this nick on the leaderboard. On the server it looks like a lot of bot commands lately but from time to time he pops up for some other comment.

17. ConvolutedEarth28 (?)

> Not much to say except a vague feeling I should know who this is but I don't. Cool name though^^

18. ReckonCrew (ReckonCrew)

> He has all his messages on the server from a single day about 7 months ago, which is an achievement in itself I guess^^ Not much else to say except I seem to have the same problem of not knowing too much about the developments in the #15-20 range...

19. UpArtz (?)

> Seems to be active on Reddit but not here, though this is unclear. Never really noticed this name but certainly up is appropriate^^

20. Runer112 (Runer112)

> He has to feel Snaeky hot on his heels but it is hard to say as his last activity is half a year ago. If I'll do this ever again he might drop out or maybe he surprises us?


### An honourable mention goes to

1. (on iOS) Phask (Phask)

> Longtime leader on the iOS leaderboard and actually in the Top 20 overall if combined. He's also on the server, though his active times are some months ago. Also known as the creator of the first Tau data collection sheet.

Another honorable mention (and becausehe insisted I make this list and because he was in the Top 20 when he asked):

21. SnaekySnacks (SnaekySnacks)

> Had a hard time not to think of sneaky but okay^^ Probably the person who rose the most in the ranks in recent times and maybe the most active person on the server [citation needed]. Also known for his contributions to the guide and answering questions seemingly everywhere and everytime^^ May he enter the Top 20 soon!
