---
title: "Rankings & News December 2021"
description: "Rankings of the Top 20 players with more infos and news about occurrences from November to December 2021"
author: "AfuroZamurai"
contributors: "the Amazing Community"
discord: true
date: 2021-12-05
---

## December 2021

### Rankings

December Top 20 on the leaderboard, their $F(t)$ at the time the list was compiled and their Discord connection (Discord names in brackets are not their nicknames!):

1. GrimJuniper55831 (wind) - ee59500:

> The legend, whose presence here is not that rare but usually not daily. Often he complains about theories being too active, though he has them all way too high xD

2. GenErationNation (Gen) - ee59300:

> "Only" a bit above 1000 messages here but if there is anyone who can challenge wind it has to be Gen^^

3. Eldrail (AfuroZamurai) - ee59000:

> Always a bit difficult to write about oneself^^ Activity here is more in phases but at least pretty regularly (so daily), in the game I do like my idle theories (who could've guessed?) and pushing $F(t)$. Currently it seems I have secured this third place, though there are some players looming in the back who I fear...

4. Antharion1988 (Antharion) - ee58800:

> The original legend, longtime #1, creator of the tau simulator and sadly not that active anymore (both in the game and on the server), though we can still see him (and he's certainly not given up^^) quite regularly. He actually kept not only his place but seemed to gain a bit on his followers!

5. (+1) VintageSurfer56606 (kinger55) - ee58500:

> He has discovered the main reason to be on the server: the tau bot^^ Else he's not really participating but he's a force on the leaderboard for sure. Though I'm unsure who will (if ever) win his fight with Playspout for their placement, he has got the better off him in this moment. Well, the last sentence didn't age that great xD Up he goes!

6. (-1) counix86 (Arthurbdn) - ee58475:

> Basically not active, except for a short time when the french glitch happened and catapulted him to the top. Well, let's just say his T2 is like a year ahead of its time... It looks like he's not active enough anymore to keep up but who knows? For now he is dropping a bit but not that much.

7. (+1) BlackSeal94 (BlackSeal) - ee58330:

> The old T6 champion and actually climbing the leaderboard, which is impressive at these heights! Seldom seen here but always great to see him update his insane T6 stat^^

8. (-1) HeadedArt26 (Playspout) - ee58270:

> If you ever looked at the record sheet you should know him because he's literally everywhere there (still holding him off from T2/T4 for now^^). Also pretty active here for quite a while!
>
> Added fun fact: did ee50000 without T9. Dropped a place but as he has no updates in the last few days I suspect a sudden reappearence way higher^^

9. harumaki200 (harumaki) - ee58220:

> So far with the lowest amount of Discord messages but at least still here^^ Also seems on the rise, though I can't say that for sure, not enough information. Information is in: he's most definitely on the rise! I was interested to see if he can get even higher and so far the answer is no. Maybe he'll regain the high motivation?

10. Remmoire (?) - ee58130:

> Has been seen already but unclear what is name is here on the server. Certainly a constant on the top of the leaderboard, curious if a Top 10 spot is coming. Answer is here: he got it and he kept it for this month as well! Is there room for my? We will see it next month!

11. (+3) ReckonCrew (ReckonCrew) - ee57960:

> He has all his messages on the server from a single day about 9 months ago, which is an achievement in itself I guess^^ Not much else to say except he is the hot person right now! Still a force to be reckoned with!

12. Fireburner80 (Gull Dewcat) - ee57870:

> His in-game activity seems to mirror his server activity: preferably idle. Long time around this spot, maybe he'll get the fire back and reclaim his old Top 10 spot? This might be hard, given how hard some of the new players above him push, even if he overtook some other players. I'm a prophet! One place gained, one place lost and it equals itself out.

13. UnbelievableSlacker (Slacker) - ee57800:

> Probably slacking too often (sorry, couldn't help it) but he was pretty active on the server for a while some time ago. Never give up the hope to see him again^^ Either he stopped slacking or other people slacked more because he gained two spots. The start of more? So far he's stationary but obviously not slacking enough to fall down again^^

14. (+1) ConvolutedEarth28 (?) - ee57760:

> Not much to say except a vague feeling I should know who this is but I don't. Cool name though^^ He keeps up and passed some of the fallen players. Maybe we'll know more at some point in the future? So far nothing new except a gained place.

15. (+2) JuannTitor (JuanTitor) - ee57750:

> I feel I saw him rise in the rankings over the past few months and certainly remember seeing this nick on the leaderboard. On the server it looks like a lot of bot commands lately but from time to time he pops up for some other comment. This month he lost a spot, so either I had false thoughts or his rise was stopped. Let's see if he get's going fast again! Result is in: he is back! Not only did he regained his lost spot, he rose one rank more!

16. (-5) pmloikjuyhbn (pmloikjuyhbn) - ee57700:

> What an abomination of a name xD Inactive on the server since middle of June, cannot say I remember much about his leaderboard development. While I can't remember earlier, he for sure is on the rise. From the bunch of players around this $F(t)$ he seems to set himself apart, will be interesting to see if he can hold this and challenge even further. Well, clearly the person who dropped the most. Of course the whole pack around him is pretty close but will he be able to pcik up the pace again?

17. (+2) SnaekySnacks (SnaekySnacks) - ee57600:

> Had a hard time not to think of sneaky but okay^^ Probably the person who rose the most in the ranks in recent times (except it seems nubest^^) and maybe the most active person on the server [citation needed]. Also known for his contributions to the guide and answering questions seemingly everywhere and everytime^^ May he enter the Top 20 soon!Mission accomplished! Top 10 next? The direction is at least right and he's closing in on the big group close together!

18. nubestlol (nubest) - ee57600:

> Probably fuelled by her rivalry with Snaeky she shot up the ranks and entered the Top 20. Long time member of this server with quite a lot of messages a name to know. Will there be a point where the rise will stop? Next month will show^^ So far the rise has stopped and even worse: Snaeky catched up! Interested to see what the next moth will bring!

19. (new) UpArtz (?) - ee57400:

> Seems to be active on Reddit but not here, though this is unclear. Never really noticed this name but certainly up is appropriate^^ Unless Impyrio shows up again we'll see him again soon. As I said, he's back again. This time to stay? We'll see!

20. (new) Runer112 (Runer112) - ee57240:

> His last activity is half a year ago on the server - ingame is certainly different. Last month I wrote: he cannot keep up and lost touch with the Top 20. Unless a miracle happens he'll be out of this ranking in the next month. How wrong I was... To be fair, it mainly has to do with two players being more or less inactive, so I wonder how long he'll be able to keep his Top 20 spot.

Some enter the list and so some have to leave the list as well. Here are the fallen out from this month:

21. (-5) thomas49250 (|Ü|N|THOMAS49) - ee57220:

> Shortly #1 for a while (made possible by the french glitch, though it certainly affected him less than counix) and fought hard but currently inactive since a few weeks... Maybe he'll return to his more active times on the server in the future? At least he showed up again, though he already lost 7 places. Maybe it is time for a comeback? Seems the comeback is still not here as he lost another 5 places to drop out of the Top 20. Probably he'll completely vanish in the next rankings but I won't be doing predictions anymore^^

27. (-7) Impyrio (Impiryo) - ee56802:

> No, that was no misspelling on my side^^ Here he's mainly using the bots and on the leaderboard his rise seems slow but consistent. Now it seems his fall is pretty fast and consistent. The record sheet suggests that he is unfortunately gone completely inactive. Maybe he comes back, maybe he lost interest. I guess we'll know more in the next list. Now I can say: his $F(t)$ remained completely the same, so sadly it looks like he's gone for good now.

### An honourable mention goes to

1. (on iOS) Phask (Phask) - ee58000:

> Longtime leader on the iOS leaderboard and actually in the Top 20 overall if combined. Looks like he actually might be pretty close to the Top 10 on Android (currently #11)! He's also on the server, though his active times are some months ago. Also known as the creator of the first Tau data collection sheet.

Another honorable mention (chosen randomly from a list of candidates - please nominate someone with a reason for future inclusion of players if you have somebody in mind):

25. xelaroc (AlexCord)- ee56965:

> He is a very active member of this community here and even more in the game in respect to the minigames. An insane 306 million(!) total stars (over 200 million of them minigame stars) are unrivaled and very impressive. As he seems to be gaining spots again as well, we might welcome him in the Top 20 in the future as well!
