---
title: "Rankings & News October 2022"
description: "Rankings of the Top 20 players with more infos and news about occurences from Sepetember to October 2022"
author: "AfuroZamurai"
contributors: "the Amazing Community"
discord: true
date: 2022-10-10
---

## October 2022

CT are running really out of steam... or not?! There is some news and especially the bright prospect of new CTs being made and getting more and more ready to be actually tested and included! Okay, that was recycled from last month but I think there might have been more progress done.

### News

- Let's start with some sad news: Snaeky was the last victim of the save switch bug where a save is overwritten and lost his main save (I hope this will be resolved soon!). So remember kids: always make backup and do it regularly enough! We do have a website for that if you don't have your own cloud storage.
- Playspout is the first person to break 6700 tau! Congrats!
- I managed to make the rankings a bit earlier! I won't try to say I'll keep it at that but it's something^^
- Gilles was on vacation, he certainly deserved it. Okay, so when 1.5? ;)
- In important news: d4Nf6Bg5 overtook birrel (if this seems like random news to you: no problem). This did maybe show the practical effect  of overpush and keeping 2 saves at the same time.
- Playspout did it again and managed to get a custom theory to the new limit of e150 tau: Sequential Limits has been finished!

### Rankings

So after once again avoiding the rankings in favor of news for a bit, it is finally time for the update!

October 2022 Top 20 on the leaderboard, their \\(F(t)\\) at the time the list was compiled and their Discord connection (Discord names in brackets are not their nicknames!):

1. GenErationNation (Gen) - ee67017:

> While he cannot consistently keep up the 1000 messages per month, the Juggernaut is not stopping any time soon, neither ingame, nor in the server. Maybe not at the absolute top for CTs ("only" Top 3) but still going strong enough with accel (the madman^^) to hold off Playspout from #1 for another instance of the rankings.

2. (+1) HeadedArt26 (Playspout) - ee67003:

> If you ever looked at the record sheet you should know him because he's literally everywhere there (still holding him off from T2/T4 for now^^). Also pretty active here, doing everything imaginable! Added fun fact: did ee50000 without T9. I wonder if there is anything he isn't active in^^
>
> Playspout is the Ling Ling of Exponential IdleActive with 40 hours a day (and more saves than any person should have) and still searching for new theory strats and writing and and and. After hiding his \\(F(t)\\) for a while he managed to surpass Gen already during the month but for this month he has to stay behind. Next month will be seeing him on top I'd assume!

3. (-1) Eldrail (AfuroZamurai) - ee66494:

> Always a bit difficult to write about oneself^^ Activity here is more in phases but at least pretty regularly (so hopefully daily), in the game I do like my idle theories (who could've guessed?). Favorite phrase: Time for active theories I guess^^ (while not doing that until I set myself a challenge). Also loves chess.
>
> Have to work on my overpush because my one month intermezzo as #2 was of course short-lived and I hope I can get near Playspout again at some point before I'm overtaken.

4. VintageSurfer56606 (kinger55) - ee66233:

> He has discovered the main reason to be on the server: the tau bot^^ Else he's not really participating (unless I ask for a tau update) but he's a force on the leaderboard for sure. He certainly figured out CTs and firmly planted himself in the Top 5 though Top 3 is once again a bit out of reach. If I had to bet I'd say he'll get there one day! Not this month though^^

5. BlackSeal94 (BlackSeal) - ee66190:

> Seldom seen here but always great to see him update his insane T6 stat (discounting Playspout who shouldn't count anyways)^^  Custom theories have kind of awoken him to be more active here, which is nice. It also made him more active in the rankings, which is not so nice ;)
>
> He had turned on CT overdrive but as the new CTs lose their power he's back to catching up. For now the surfer still hold him off but Top 5 is now secure!

6. AdamH99 (nemesis) - ee66152:

> Found the server some while ago and no longer an unknown! Looks like he is back to fast and steady, getting pretty close to the Top 5.
>
> So for a while he is consistent and so I just hope he loses motivation he continues to go strong. Good at minigames!

7. (+1) Antharion1988 (Antharion) - ee65766:

> The original legend, longtime #1, creator of the original tau simulator and sadly not that active anymore (both in the game and on the server), though we can still see him (and he's certainly not given up^^) quite regularly.
>
> It was a surprise but a welcome one to see him back in the Top 10 and staying! Wow! Gogogo!!!

8. (+4) Finalultima (Finalultima) - ee65607:

> While they showed up a day before the rankings they got into the Top 20 in "real" Discord conversations (after some month of talking with the tau bot!) activity is still almost negligible but happy to have them and looking forward to seeing more!
>
> Of course 8 and 13 are not even ee100 \\(F(t)\\) apart but very impressive to be even that close so fast to end up on the top of the close pack! After seeing their distribution I have no doubt it is fully deserved!

9. (+8) some gibberish I won't even try typewriting[name may change any second] (nubest) - ee65600:

> She has been a long time member of this server, with quite a lot of messages a name to know. Maybe not the founder but excessive user of a rather unusual kind of text emoji: ouo and variations of it. She also likes to call hax and people bad which seems to correlate with her orthographic skills.
>
> Unfortunately life came in the way and besides a pause on the server her leaderboard placement was suffering for it. Fortunately she is now back! And what a statement to get back into the Top 10!

10. TREDEC42 (XLII) - ee65599:

> I don't even know where to start but he's doing amazing ingame and out of the game! Rising more and more thanks to his CT prowess, original theory pushing, the newly reached insane 1e9 stars and lots of pushing. To add to that he's a minigame record hunter, sim programmer, CT balancer, helper and very active on the server!
>
> Really happy to see him enter the Top 10 for a ranking and not only for a short time! Go ahead and rise some more!

11. (-4) GrimJuniper55831 (wind) - ee65556:

> The legend and long-time #1 from a while back, whose presence here is sadly going to come to an end... 
>
> Unfortunately he has stopped playing. That he hasn't fallen lower is testament to his previous amazing play. What is left now is to see him drop slowly and see it as a benchmark how long it will take to leave the Top 20.
>
> You'll be missed!

12. (-3) harumaki200 (harumaki) - ee65543:

> So far with the lowest amount of Discord messages but at least still here^^ Custom theories required some posts but that was it somewhat sadly.
>
> Activity on the server is no where equivalent to activity ingame and this holds true here very well.
>
> Hovering around the Top 10, they still kept their spot and it will once again be an interesting month to see if they will keep up the pace. This month it is out of the Top 10 but everybody is so close it is hard to call who will emerge victorious. Never write them off!

13. (-2) ReckonCrew (ReckonCrew) - ee65532:

> They have all their messages on the server from a single day about 18 months ago, which is an achievement in itself I guess^^
>
> Not much else to say except they are pretty stable, mainly gaining a place now and then (and sometimes losing one). I do like stable players for this ranking^^
>
> He did give me some work by switching places but at least he remains mainly in the same rankings group^^

14. (+1) SnaekySnacks (SnaekySnacks) - ee65475:

> Had a hard time not to think of sneaky but okay^^ Maybe the most active person on the server [citation needed]. Also known for his contributions to the guide and answering questions seemingly everywhere and everytime^^ Due to his work he's been less active lately (which seems still pretty active to me). You're doing a great job though! Same goes for his own custom theory idea (EF) which got implemented with the help of peanut and XLII.
>
> Despite all this distractions he's still consistently in the rankings!

15. (-2) spqcey (randomname) - ee65473:

> No idea what the name means but not that random of a person^^ We have another minigame master with a very impressive 2.55e8 minigame stars. Not only that but he's also pretty active in the realm of collecting data in sheets like the theory strats or (sadly inactive for now) the tau graphing sheet and the \\(F(t)\\) sheet. He's pretty active on the Discord server and a very impressive custom theory master.
>
> When Top 10?

16. colinc719 (?) - ee65432:

> They were maybe the biggest surprise when entering the rankings, shooting up from somewhere I cannot even remember directly into the Top 20. Stabilized, so the question is what will come next. We cannot even know more about them because it looks like they are still not on the server. Maybe the future will give us more (so far not).

17. (+1) UpArtz (?) - ee65368:

> Seems to be active on Reddit but not here, though this is unclear.
>
> They were already out and are often on the edge but because of that I'm even more impressed by their fighting spirit, looking forward to the next month! Still here, checking in next time^^

18. (-4) Remmoire (Keynez) - ee65201:

> His name has been deduced from the usage of the !tau command  though they have yet to talk to others than the tau bot since April 2021. Nevertheless they're certainly a constant on the top of the leaderboard.
>
> Dropping hard but he's a veteran, so too early to write him off. Seeing that he's not changed at all it is worrying though. Will he be another player to vanish?

19. adequateryan (adequate ryan) - ee65200:

> entered a few month ago. But who do we welcome into our ranks? I have no idea as they are seemingly on the server but with a whooping 0 messages so far. While I always feel a bit of sadness seeing veteran players fall, I do like new players coming in, showing all is fluid and you can catch up.
>
> Now I wonder if they'll stay or even rise or maybe even more surprisingly start to talk on the server!

20. JuannTitor (JuanTitor) - ee65000:

> On the server it looks like a lot of bot commands lately but from time to time he pops up for some other comment.
>
> For quite a while he's fighting really hard for his place in the ranking and has been out and back again. His comebacks must be a record, right?
>
> This month he stayed and if only barely.
>
Some enter the list and so some have to leave the list as well. Here are our fallen fellows from this month:

No one is here, that is a surprise!

### An honourable mention goes to

1. (on iOS) Phask (Phask) - ee65280 :

> Longtime leader on the iOS leaderboard and actually in the Top 20 overall if combined. For quite some time it looked like he actually might be pretty close to the Top 10 on Android but lately he fell pretty hard, now being at about #18, which means he caught himself. He's also on the server, though his active times are some months ago. Also known as the creator of the first Tau data collection sheet.
>
> He was consistently close to the overall Top 10 but new CTs have seen him drop. It will be interesting if he can come back at some point, would be sad to see iOS drifting further away (the next contender neasi_cz would be "just" #22 on Android, so not even that far of anymore).

And in the end it is of course time for the "real" honourable mention (please nominate someone with a reason for future inclusion of players if you have somebody in mind) as Phask is technically in the Top 20 rankings:

??. NerdyLunatic (namwen) - ~ee55000+:

> Time for some history! Never done such an entry for a person no longer active but he certainly deserves it. Nerdy was the person to take over #1 from Antharion and was one active player back in his time. He reached the ee55000 cap first and then actually retired willingly as #1 because he decided he became to obsessed with the game. He has been "back" for a short moment to check up on some developments but doing not much more like a day or two of chatting on the server.
>
> He was not only active ingame but also on the server with thousands of messages and doing a lot of helping and discussing. It was a great time and it was sad to see him stop but you have to respect his determination to follow through and stay true to himself.
>
> Unfortunately after such a long time it gets hard to remember much details , so I'll end on a nice quote by him: "T5 is a massively underrated theory"
>
> As it turned out to be quite the undertaking to write this month edition (as always, might need to overthink the format?), we had some \\(F(t)\\) changes. Luckily for me none of them was enough to change any ranks (at least on my leaderboard).
