---
title: "Rankings & News June 2022"
description: "Rankings of the Top 20 players with more infos and news about occurrences from May to June 2022"
author: "AfuroZamurai"
contributors: "the Amazing Community"
discord: true
date: 2022-06-08
---

## June 2022

### News

No new CTs but we have enough on our hands with EF and CSR2 anyway for now. Currently no one has gotten to e100 on either of them (and so overall e400 CT tau is still not reached). Just as a short overview:

#### CSR2

Here we have the alt save (or maybe previous main save from his split after the release) of Playspout in the lead. He crossed e900 and does what he always does. Behind him we find myself with over e860 on my main because why not? As I just noticed, we have another e800 player in Finalultima! Another gap separates us from the next 4 people on the leaderboard (still wishing for that general leaderboard within the game) we know of: NGZ001, spqcey, Gen and hotab who have all passed e700.

#### EF

This is a much more closely contested fight. I'm not even sure the lead isn't changing often but right now Playspout (I should've known...) is in front but the pack consisting of nubest, Snaeky and peanut is really really close. Behind them NGZ001, BeardCore, spqcey, XLII and even BlackSeal are not that far off. I wonder who will win the race!

Other news:

- We have a new sim released! While the modified Anthsim on repl.it by Xelaroc (or our bot here) are nice, XLII really outdid himself by doing a sim with way more strategies and options available. Amazing work! It can be found here: [https://theory-simulator.tredec.repl.co/](https://theory-simulator.tredec.repl.co/)
- On a somewhat sad (okay, also pretty impressive) note: we missed out on e7200 total tau by e4.
- Despite having some time issues lately, this ranking comes on exactly the day the previous one came. Okay, not really news but as I was kind of not up to date you'll get this instead.
- Ah, now I remember what I was forgetting: we had Gilles-Philippe day!

### Rankings

After this refreshingly shorter recap, it is finally time to come to the real thing!
June 2022 Top 20 on the leaderboard, their \\(F(t)\\) at the time the list was compiled and their Discord connection (Discord names in brackets are not their nicknames!):

1. GenErationNation (Gen) - ee65197:

> "Only" a bit above ~~1000~~ ~~2000~~ ~~3000~~ ~~4000~~5000 6000 messages here (I think I have to stop that soon xD Okay, nah, why would I? Must pressure Gen to get 1000 messages per month). He didn't repeat his failurefrom last month, good Gen!
>
> The Juggernaut is not stopping any time soon, neither ingame, nor in the server. Maybe not at the absolute top for CTs but still going strong enough to keep a large enough lead to be sure he won't yield the top spot for a while.

2. GrimJuniper55831 (wind) - ee64871:

> The legend from a while back, whose presence here is sadly pretty rare these days... No more challenge for #1, now it is more about not losing his spot. For a brief moment he was already overtaken by Playspout but for this month at least he still pulled ahead.
>
> Come back to us! ~~(actually don't, I need another place)~~

3. HeadedArt26 (Playspout) - ee64310:

> If you ever looked at the record sheet you should know him because he's literally everywhere there (still holding him off from T2/T4 for now^^). Also pretty active here for quite a while, doing everything imaginable! Added fun fact: did ee50000 without T9. I wonder if there is anything he isn't active in^^
>
> Playspout is the Ling Ling of Exponential ~`Idle~~Active with 40 hours a day (and more saves than any person should have) and still searching for new theory strats and writing and and and. I'm really expecting him to get another spot for the next rankings!

4. (+2) BlackSeal94 (BlackSeal) - ee64241:

> Seldom seen here but always great to see him update his insane T6 stat (discounting Playspout who shouldn't count anyways)^^  Custom theories have kind of awoken him to be more active here, which is nice. It also made him more active in the rankings, which is not so nice ;)
>
> I was very intrigued while being a bit scared and I wasn't wrong: he turned on CT overdrive and for now he has passed me. Where or when will that run end?

5. VintageSurfer56606 (kinger55) - ee64213:

> He has discovered the main reason to be on the server: the tau bot^^ Else he's not really participating but he's a force on the leaderboard for sure. He had a rough time after CT were released he first time but after dropping out he shot back up and now stabilised with quite a lead, after finding out how to play CTs really well. No idea if that will hold but whatever he took, I want it too, especially now he passed me as well!

6. (-2) Eldrail (AfuroZamurai) - ee64113:

> Always a bit difficult to write about oneself^^ Activity here is more in phases but at least pretty regularly (so hopefully daily), in the game I do like my idle theories (who could've guessed?). Favorite phrase: Time for active theories I guess^^ (while not doing that until I set myself a challenge).
>
> Recently did T5 to e1000 and then T1 to 6.66e666 challenges. Now it is CSR2 to e100 tau and seeing me being overtaken it will be finally time to brush the dust of T3 and go for e700!
>
> I'll be back!

7. (+1) AdamH99 (nemesis) - ee64024:

> Found the server some while ago and no longer an unknown! So far it was fast and steady wins the race - and now he is here in the Top 10, it is more like a back and forth.  Also worth a mention: he is in the Top 10 for all minigames!
>
> So far he stayed and so I just hope ~~he loses motivation~~ he continues to go strong.

8. (-1) Antharion1988 (Antharion) - ee63691:

> The original legend, longtime #1, creator of the original tau simulator and sadly not that active anymore (both in the game and on the server), though we can still see him (and he's certainly not given up^^) quite regularly.
>
> So far he fights valiantly but is still dropping, which is saddening. Gogogo! (Totally not biased)

9. (+1) ReckonCrew (ReckonCrew) - ee63640:

> They have all their messages on the server from a single day about 14 months ago, which is an achievement in itself I guess^^
>
> Not much else to say except they are pretty stable, mainly gaining a place now and then. I do like stable players for this ranking^^

10. (+1) Remmoire (Keynez) - ee63603:

> His name has been deduced from the usage of the !tau command  though they have yet to talk to others than the tau bot since April 2021. Nevertheless they're certainly a constant on the top of the leaderboard.
>
> Last two month the trend wasn't Keynez friend but this time the trend turned and he's back! It will be hard against the next contender on steroids though...

11. (+4) spqcey (randomname) - ee63600:

> No idea what the name means but not that random of a person^^ We have another minigame master with a very impressive 1.55e8 minigame stars. Not only that but he's also pretty active in the realm of collecting data in sheets like the tau graphing sheet and the \\(F(t)\\) sheet. He's pretty active on the Discord server and a very impressive custom theory master. This helped him rise, so maybe the Top 10 is reasonable for next month?

12. (-3) harumaki200 (harumaki) - ee63534:

> So far with the lowest amount of Discord messages but at least still here^^ Custom theories required some posts but that was it somewhat sadly.
>
> Activity on the server is no where equivalent to activity ingame and this holds true here very well. Has been continuously on the rise though it looks like the peak was already reached and now it goes downhill. Maybe we're in for a surprise though?

13. (new) cajuncooks (?) - ee63231:

> While I have no clue who is behind them, I did see them slowly creeping up onto the Top 20. I assumed at some point the'll enter but I haven't expected such an entry with a bang!
>
> Still wanting to know them but seeing unknown players isn't so bad either!

14. (+3) SnaekySnacks (SnaekySnacks) - ee63210:

> Had a hard time not to think of sneaky but okay^^ Maybe the most active person on the server [citation needed]. Also known for his contributions to the guide and answering questions seemingly everywhere and everytime^^ Due to his work he's been less active lately (which seems still pretty active to me). You're doing a great job though! Same goes for his own custom theory idea (EF) which got implemented with the help of peanut and XLII.
>
> Despite all this distractions, he's back! Top 15 broken, wow!

15. (+1) TREDEC42 (XLII) - ee63190:

> If there is someone to associate with nailing the new custom theories and really taking the stage it has to be XLII (as the person besides the machines Gen and Playspout and actually right now a lot more...). Not only that, he's one of the fastest rising players, who is pretty impressive across the board: lots of stars (and minigame stars, also third) and even appearing on tau leaderboards for the original theories. His activity in the server is a nice bonus on top!
>
> And recently he entered the simulation game and has been of great help in that field, going so far as being the "balancer" in the new EF CT! Go ahead and rise some more! He did it slowly on the leaderboard but his released sim is really an achievement, MVP!

16. (+2) UpArtz (?) - ee62994:

> Seems to be active on Reddit but not here, though this is unclear.
>
> Took 2 month for them to get back and now it looks like they want not only to stay but to rise!  I'm interested and impressed by that fighting spirit, looking forward to the next month!

17. (+3) JuannTitor (JuanTitor) - ee62967:

> On the server it looks like a lot of bot commands lately but from time to time he pops up for some other comment.
>
> For quite a while he's fighting really hard for his place in the ranking and has been out and back again. For now he's good but it won't be easy, though he's certainly experienced now^^

18. (new) colinc719 (?) - ee62913:

> This is very much the biggest surprise of this month, shooting up from somewhere I cannot even remember directly into the Top 20! We cannot even know more about them because it looks like they are not on the server.
>
> Maybe the future will give us more.

19. (new) Finalultima (Finalultima) - ee62907:

> Wow, the third new entry into this list and while not such a surprise (in the sense I saw them before), still a big jump from 26!
>
> Perfect timing as well because after some month of talking with the tau bot, they turned up yesterday(!) to enter the Discord conversations! Happy to have them and looking forward to see more!

20. (-1) TertiaryJourneyman34 (Solarion) - ee62897:

> Young he is but that hasn't stopped him from making his own CT by himself. This seems to have also given the necessary boost to finally enter the rankings after some continuous rise before. Being the T2 Lord on main save he was close to dropping out but just got the necessary \\(F(t)\\) right before the deadline.
>
> Very active and interested in discussions about how to play. Hope we see more of him here (which we will if he actually pushes something else than T2)!

Some enter the list and so some have to leave the list as well. Here are our fallen fellows from this month:

21. (-8) some gibberish I won't even try typewriting [name may change any second] (nubest) - ee62893:

> She has been a long time member of this server, with quite a lot of messages a name to know. Maybe not the founder but excessive user of a rather unusual kind of text emoji: ouo and variations of it. She also likes to call hax and people bad which seems to correlate with her orthographic skills.
>
> Unfortunately life came in the way and right now her leaderboard placement is suffering for it. Priorities are right though! As the Idle Lord I approve of the current more idle playstyle but wish her all the best and seeing her back soon!

24. (-12) Runer112 (Runer112) - ee62775:

> Their last activity was over half a year ago on the server - ingame is certainly different. While mainly hovering around rank 20, they dropped out for a while, then came back with a bang, gaining 11(!) places to get a new best placement. After the next rise came the long drop down though. Out is nothing new, can they mount the comeback again?

29. (-15) xelaroc (AlexCord) - ee62541:

> He was a very active member of this community here and even more in the game in respect to the minigames. An insane 600+ million(!) total stars (over 450 million of them minigame stars) were unrivaled (NGZ sends his regards) and very impressive. Now he also made himself a name with his own custom theory which got approved and added as official to the game, as well as having the maintained the tau sim.
>
> But right now he has been inactive for a while, so we hope to get him back!

### An honorable mention goes to

1. (on iOS) Phask (Phask) - ee63182 :

> Longtime leader on the iOS leaderboard and actually in the Top 20 overall if combined. For quite some time it looked like he actually might be pretty close to the Top 10 on Android but this month he fell pretty hard, now being at about #16. He's also on the server, though his active times are some months ago. Also known as the creator of the first Tau data collection sheet.
>
> He was consistently close to the overall Top 10 but new CTs have seen him drop. It will be interesting if he can come back at some point, would be sad to see iOS drifting further away (next contender would be just #30 on Android).

And in the end it is of course time for the "real" honorable mention (please nominate someone with a reason for future inclusion of players if you have somebody in mind) as Phask is technically in the Top 20 rankings:

~~31. birrel69 (?) - ee62248:~~

> ~~Just because some certain person with an opening I don't want to see as his name asked for his inclusion^^~~

0. Gilles-Philippe (Gilles-Philippe) - Infinity:

> Not only because I'm a bit tired and out of ideas right now but also because he really deserves it (and because we had Gilles-Philippe day this month).
>
> Without him there would be no Exponential Idle, no server, no friends here and no ranking. I (and I think I can include all of us here) want to thank him for an amazing game which has given us joy for potentially over 2 years for some. Always here for support, always knowledgeable and a great person! There would be so much more but this will have to be enough for this short format.
>
> For more fun times in the future!

As it turned out to be quite the undertaking to write this month edition (as always, might need to overthink the format?), we had once again some changes in between (besides some irrelevant \\(F(t)\\) updates): cajuncooks managed to overtake Snaeky for another place and Solarion snatched the saving place 20 from nubest.
