---
title: "Rankings & News March 2022"
description: "Rankings of the Top 20 players with more infos and news about occurrences from February to March 2022"
author: "AfuroZamurai"
contributors: "the Amazing Community"
discord: true
date: 2022-03-05
---

## March 2022

### News

Life calmed down after the first custom theories got released and until now we haven't gotten a new one (maybe soon™️). Still we have some news, so let's do that!

- Playspout decided to ruin idle players life even more by developing 3 new strategies (T3, T7, T8) for theories, improving on the previous ones, including a strategy for T7 active. ~~How dare you~~ Thanks! And I shouldn't hide the fact he also found a better idle strategy for T3, so good job on that one! I assume T3Playspout is great but that will have to wait^^
- We have the first "completed" (meaning 1e100 tau or 1e1000 rho) custom theory. After a hard fought two horse race (at the end at a snail's pace) the winner was - who else could it be - Playspout, who got there first by about a day. Don't worry, the competitors name will stay a secret for now until you read a bit further^^ Now you know it: WSP has been done. I wonder if next month we have SL completed too.
- With great pleasure I can confirm people play the game differently but more on that later because the thought alone is kind of scary.
- Quite a bit of people are developing custom theories, including people not already into programming! Nice!

### Rankings

Okay, enough other talk, time for what you've all been waiting for. March2022 Top 20 on the leaderboard, their f(t) at the time the list was compiled and their Discord connection (Discord names in brackets are not their nicknames!):

1. GenErationNation (Gen) - ee62395:

> "Only" a bit above ~~1000~~ ~~2000~~ 3000 messages here ( I think I have to stop that soon xD) but if there is anyone who can challenge wind it has to be Gen^^ For nostalgic reasons I'll keep the first sentence for this month as well.
>
> We saw last month that a combination of custom theories and free time made the difference and allowed Gen to not only catch up but even overtake the long time #1 to be only the 4th number one (discounting ones due to glitches etc.) since a lot of months after Antharion took over when ee50000 was still far away. During this heroic undertaking he also managed to pass 6000 tau, being the first to do it. While that was amazing, he managed to pass 6100(!) tau as well this month, so the Juggernaut is not stopping any time soon.
>
> So far it looks he cannot be stopped, unless either he is slowing down or wind is somehow managing to ramp up his speed again.

2. GrimJuniper55831 (wind) - ee62300:

> The legend, whose presence here is not that rare but usually not daily, unfortunately even rarer these days. Often he complains about theories being too active, though he has them all way too high xD He also managed to get to the ee60k leaderboard cap before custom theories, incredible!
>
> Him announcing he'll reduce time spent should mean he'll only be a bit more human I guess^^ This also means he is having a hard time keeping up with the top players for custom theories and subsequently losing his #1 place to Gen. So far he must still be close, though it is unknown if he can really challenge Gen nowadays. I'm still hoping for an exciting battle for the crown!

3. HeadedArt26 (Playspout) - ee61936:

> If you ever looked at the record sheet you should know him because he's literally everywhere there (still holding him off from T2/T4 for now, while wind does the same for T1/T3^^). Also pretty active here for quite a while! Added fun fact: did ee50000 without T9.
>
> Playspout is the Ling Ling of Exponential ~~Idle~~Active with 40 hours a day, so it surprises me more that he actually dared to only pass me in the last hour this rankings. Okay, I guess his idle phase allowed me to keep up but he's only beaten in CTs by Gen and his power to find better strategies seems unrivaled, so one never knows when his next push happens^^
>
> The only question remains: can he make ground on our Top 2?

4. Eldrail (AfuroZamurai) - ee61904:

> Always a bit difficult to write about oneself^^ Activity here is more in phases but at least pretty regularly (so daily), in the game I do like my idle theories (who could've guessed?) and pushing f(t). Favorite phrase: Time for active theories I guess^^ (while not doing that).
>
> I paid my new mod existence with the third place and totally didn't get overtaking by Playspout because he's the better player or I can't play custom theories as well as others (currently I shouldn't say this anymore^^).
>
> This doesn't mean I'll give up or focus solely on chess as I hope my long term endurance will allow me to catch up in the future. In the meantime I already feel BlackSeal breathing down my neck, so time for active theories ;)
>
> Not much to change except I'm working on something, so that might make the list next time!

5. BlackSeal94 (BlackSeal) - ee61513:

> The old T6 champion (until Playspout came...), who actually climbed the leaderboard, which is impressive at these heights! Seldom seen here but always great to see him update his insane T6 stat (discounting Playspout who shouldn't count anyways)^^  Custom theories have kind of awoken him to be more active here, which is nice. It also made him more active in the rankings, which is not so nice ;)
>
> His speed is pretty amazing and he left Antharion in the dust so far. He certainly wants more but will he actually get more? I hope not!
>
> The battle with Antharion is still on and looks like Anth intends to keep up. This is fun to follow :)

6. Antharion1988 (Antharion) - ee61503:

> The original legend, longtime #1, creator of the tau simulator and sadly not that active anymore (both in the game and on the server), though we can still see him (and he's certainly not given up^^) quite regularly. So far he has still some lead to those below him, so no drop expected any time soon. I once wrote: "With custom theories it might be harder for him to keep up with his reduced activity. I still hope - and be it just for nostalgic reasons - that he picks up the pace again.". Well, right now he actually closed in on #5 again, so my hopes came true!

7. harumaki200 (harumaki) - ee61315:

> So far with the lowest amount of Discord messages but at least still here^^ Custom theories required some posts but that was it somewhat sadly.
>
> Activity on the server is no where equivalent to activity ingame and this holds true here very well. Continuously on the rise, custom theories proved to be a further boost. Now it will be hard to progress more but maybe old legends will be pulled down soon nevertheless? To elaborate on that: while nothing changed regarding placements, the distance to Anth did get smaller. The future looks bright here!

8. (+8) VintageSurfer56606 (kinger55) - ee61062:

> He has discovered the main reason to be on the server: the tau bot^^ Else he's not really participating but he's a force on the leaderboard for sure. Recently he has been challenged by BlackSeal and he seems to be losing that fight. Will he make a comeback?
>
> I kept that extract from last month in because it is a perfect example how custom theories shook up the rankings: not only did he lost that fight, he dropped out of the Top 10. Whoever manages to enter the Top 10 should never be underestimated but if he can't improve his custom theory game before the next ones come, he'll have a hard time to keep his place on the rankings.
>
> I guess I keep that whole sequence of comments: it showed that old forces can pick up the pace again and just custom theories won't be enough now that they run out of steam. I wonder what will happen when another CT is released^^ -9 -> +8 -> ?? What will it be next month?

9. (+1) Remmoire (Keynez) - ee60986:

> Has been seen already but not 100% certain what their name is here on the server. From the usage of the !tau command it looks like the given name has to be correct, though they have yet to talk to others than the tau bot since April 2021. Nevertheless they're certainly a constant on the top of the leaderboard.
>
> In the recent times no places changed but the gap to the place above closed, so the rise seems to continue. The trend proved correct and he got the single digit placement!

10. (-2) AdamH99 (nemesis) - ee60957:

> Recently found here on the server and no longer an unknown! So far it was fast and steady wins the race - and now he is here in the Top 10, just a month after barely entering the Top 20. Also worth a mention: he is in the Top 10 for all minigames, getting the final ones during the last months!
>
> We can watch his career with great interest, wondering if there will be a ceiling now or the climb can still continue! News are in: the ceiling was hit! Maybe to much effort was invested in record hunting for minigames but it feels like for the first time in his Exponential Idle life he actually lost spots on the leaderboard. Will this fuel his motivation again to come back?

11. ReckonCrew (ReckonCrew) - ee60843:

> They have all their messages on the server from a single day about 11 months ago, which is an achievement in itself I guess^^
>
> Not much else to say except they are still where they left off. While this is impressive during these changing times no progress in regards to Top 10 were made while the gap top to the chasers shrank quite a bit. So I expect a drop next rankings, which is maybe a prediction which won't age well but at some point I need to be brave^^ I think I should stop doing any predictions because I'm always wrong... Should I jinx it by predicting no change for the next rankings?

12. snawekybadppl[name may change any second] (nubest) - ee60702:

> She shot up the ranks and entered the Top 20 not that long ago. Long time member of this server, with quite a lot of messages, a name to know. Maybe not the founder but excessive user of a rather unusual kind of text emoji: ouo and variations of it. She also likes to call hax and people bad which seems to correlate with her orthographic skills.
>
> This month she won the close race against Snaeky, winning their long time contest for now, which may comfort her over the breaking of her apple (which is neither to eat nor with iOS). The race never stops, so time to overclock the nubest.exe!
>
> I'm still waiting for Top 10, no pressure though. I guess saying active bad (while still doing some active) might hurt in that regard - even though as the Idle Lord I approve of such a playstyle^^

13. SnaekySnacks (SnaekySnacks) - ee60570:

> Had a hard time not to think of sneaky but okay^^ Maybe the most active person on the server [citation needed]. Also known for his contributions to the guide and answering questions seemingly everywhere and everytime^^ Helping is in his blood and so he helps nubest with their friendly battle. Due to his work he's been less active lately and thus cannot catch up. You're doing a great job though!
>
> Nevertheless still keeping his place above Slacker. I wonder what will happen to him (and nubest) if a new CT comes along.

14. UnbelievableSlacker (Slacker) - ee60535:

> Probably slacking too often (sorry, couldn't help it) but he was pretty active on the server for a while some time ago. Never give up the hope to see him again - which proved right as he came back with some activity after custom theories released! Obviously that slowed down again but one should never lose hope for a comeback!
>
> While obviously not slacking enough to fall down much he was still not able to withstand the attack of the duo. Hard times may come in the future but if he ever stops that slacking, who knows what is possible?

15. (+5) ConvolutedEarth28 (?) - ee60529:

> Not much to say except a vague feeling I should know who this is but I don't. Cool name though^^ Maybe we'll know more at some point in the future?
>
> Last month had been rough for them. Custom theories can be harsh but at least they still retained a place in the rankings and I asked if they can recover or face the drop out of the Top 20. The answer is clear: the recovery has started and is close to getting back the previous spot. Shows you can still do well while being not on the server!

16. (-1) xelaroc (AlexCord) - ee60523:

> He is a very active member of this community here and even more in the game in respect to the minigames. An insane 500+ million(!) total stars (over 350 million of them minigame stars) are unrivaled and very impressive. Now he also made himself a name with his own custom theory which got approved and added as official to the game.
>
> Custom theories boosted him so much he jumped immediately to rank 15. His activity made me assume he'll rise even more in the future. So far it hasn't happened (and due to my timing he' still short of the prestige he needs to claim his old place) but I'm still looking forward to more Exponential Idle with him! The places before him are close, so there can be quite a change in the coming month.

17. (+2) spqcey (randomname) - ee60465:

> No idea what the name means but not that random of a person^^ We have another minigame master with a very impressive 1.41e8 minigame stars. Not only that but he's also pretty active in the realm of collecting data in sheets like the tau graphing sheet and the f(t) sheet. He's pretty active on the Discord server and is certainly a welcome addition to the rankings!
>
> I said he to learn the pro strat of not to end his grad just below the grad mark when in a close group (which could've given him potentially 3 additional places last month with probably minimal effort) but he'll surpass them regularily during the coming month anyway. Not only did he basically did that jump already last month during the writing but he passed 2 players already this month. And isn't it nice to have +2 rather than -1 next to your name?

18. Fireburner80 (Gull Dewcat) - ee60448:

> His in-game activity seems to mirror his server activity: preferably idle. Long time around this spot, maybe he'll get the fire back and reclaim his old Top 10 spot? Looks harder now as he seems to lose more but maybe the fire will burn again? Okay, that question seems a bit unrealistic and should be replaced by his desire to stay in the rankings nowadays.
>
> Same as for the surfer: the fire might still burn but not enough to compete with the stronger custom theory players. In contrast to the surfer who rode this months wave to get back into the Top 10 Fireburner stayed stationary. I fear for his future!

19. (-2) JuannTitor (JuanTitor) - ee60424:

> On the server it looks like a lot of bot commands lately but from time to time he pops up for some other comment. You win some, you lose some. He seems to alternate each month. So one place up for next month? Well, so far it looks like he intends to lose more each month, with the next few places making -3 not that unrealistic!
>
> Last month 16-18 where a mere ee3 apart, now he's already at 19 with some gap to the front. Time to fight for his life in the rankings!

20. (new) pmloikjuyhbn (pmloikjuyhbn) - ee60422:

> What an abomination of a name xD Inactive on the server since middle of June 2021, so not much is known about them except their development after the rankings started.
>
> Custom theories said no to their existence in the rankings. I still had hope: "Their growth was too miniscule to keep up with the faster developments, so for now they're out, though their fluctuations at least indicate a possibility of a comeback." and it was proven right by another comeback after custom theories slowed down. Still unsure where it will end though as we have quite some theories to come.

Some enter the list and so some have to leave the list as well. Here is our fallen fellow from this month:

23. (-14) counix86 (Arthurbdn) - ee60310:

> Basically not active, except for a short time when the french glitch happened and catapulted him to the top. Well, let's just say his T2 is like a year ahead of its time... Really looking forward to the point when I get his value on my side save to see how long it took^^
>
> It looked like he's not active enough anymore to keep up but he actually kept his place after custom theories came out, which is a testament to his still ongoing motivation. If that will be enough? We will see in the next rankings. In this case my positive look was really off, as he dropped really hard. I won't expect a comeback (same with previous contenders Runder112 and UpArtz who are out for good right now) but as I was wrong enough already I won't rule anything out.

### An honorable mention goes to

1. (on iOS) Phask (Phask) - ee60807:

> Longtime leader on the iOS leaderboard and actually in the Top 20 overall if combined. Looks like he actually might be pretty close to the Top 10 on Android (currently #12)! He's also on the server, though his active times are some months ago. Also known as the creator of the first Tau data collection sheet.
>
> As I'm an Android player it is hard to keep track of what he's doing but his consistency to stay close to the Top 10 overall means he hasn't lost his edge, though while he kept the gap, newer Android players replaced the old challengers, which might spell trouble for him. So far it seems he's losing f(t) very slowly, though who knows if it will stay that way?

As there are two salient players this month, you get not one but two more honorable mentions (please nominate someone with a reason for future inclusion of players if you have somebody in mind):

> 407. BeardCore19 (BeardCore19) - ee52184:

> First we have a completely new player, who is even far away from the top of the leaderboard. This is actually no problem though if we look at custom theories: they need no r9 and it doesn't matter if you start from ee60k+ or directly from ee20k. So during the last month BeardCore decided he wants nothing to do with SL before he gets his WSP to the full e100 tau you can currently get from a custom theory. And so he ran it and ran it and ran it until it took over a day for a bit of progress. Unfortunately he had to battle with Playspout on an alt for the first person to reach e1000 rho on a custom theory. This is an uphill battle seemingly no one can win but he managed to get e1000 rho on his main save only a day after Playspout, becoming the first to achieve this on a main save! Very impressive and an achievement rewarded perfectly by SL and its milestone swapping ;)
>
> His announcement to finish the previous custom theory before starting the next might prove too harsh at some point but I look forward to the next completion!

619. MorsMessorem (MorsMessorem) - ee50081:

> Second we have a very old player with an impressive 568 days overall playtime! But whoever knows him also knows that this doesn't mean Mors is actually achieving much in the conventional ways. Instead his nick his his program: Endgame Pain. This month he finally managed to break the ee50000 barrier which in itself is nothing new these days but he did it with only 142 students! To better understand that: his current dσ is 103(!), meaning he last did a graduation at ee29400 f(t) if my math isn't wrong. So far no end (and by that I mean graduation) is in sight. May he continue to have fun this way or maybe he can release us from our pain seeing that^^
>
> Not only that, he's also known for other side-projects including such drastic restrictions on graduating, going for the smallest amounts of graduations for (t) targets. He's showing perfectly how you can play the game differently and everybody can have his own way of fun!
>
> May he remain with us for a long time!
>
> As it turned out to be quite the undertaking to write this month edition, minor changes happened, though nothing to actually change the rankings this time. Nice!
