---
title: "Rankings & News May 2022"
description: "Rankings of the Top 20 players with more infos and news about occurrences from April to May 2022"
author: "AfuroZamurai"
contributors: "the Amazing Community"
discord: true
date: 2022-05-08
---

## May 2022

### News

Probably things happened in April but everything pales before 04.05.2022 when after a longer period of anticipation EF (Euler's Formula by peanut [coding], Snaeky [idea] and XLII [balancing]) and CSR2 (Convergents to Square Root of 2 by Solarion) were released. Not just one but 2(!) CTs out at the same time, which was a new thing for us and maybe not so easy to work with^^

Obviously you cannot split yourself (okay, Playspout can, the madlad is playing two saves in parallel), so it was time to choose and go for one of them.

The majority of awake players chose EF at first because it gave more tau in the beginning (via speed and the rho to tau formula being ^0.4 instead of the usual 0.1) and that is how you catch EI players. The ongoing competitions can be split into three parts (first only included because of an obvious reason which will come apparent soon):

Autobuyer (e20): The first milestone for each theory and the winner was spqcey by a solid lead of 5 minutes. A bit surprisingly I got it next after a bit over an hour of playing (later Baldy had the first sub 1 hour to that)

3rd milestone (e30): The third milestone was a big target even though it actually barely helps but it was hotly contested. Final results:

1) peanut
2) Playspout
3) Snaeky
4) spqcey
5) I'm not so sure but a bunch of people were close: nubest, NGZ001, Dyme, Gen and I surely forgot someone

4th milestone (e40): The fourth milestone is arguably an even bigger target even though it still won't really lead to the desired speedup. It was very closely contested (okay, who am I kidding, of course Playspout won with quite a lead but after him it is very hard contested):

1) Playspout
2) nubest (as far as I can tell, at least the record sheet has her on second highest rho)
3) Snaeky (the other author, nice!)
4) peanut (the author, nice!)
5) no one else is there yet

Currently the race to e50, where the really good milestone awaits, is still ongoing. At least EF has the strongest lategame, being the fastest to e150, which is nice.

CSR2 had a much more slow start and people switched to it later. Of course not everyone and some started immediately with 110% focus. Mainly XLII and Solarion stand out, going for it full-time.

While not totally slow it got off comparably slow and the real point at which CSR2 goes into hypermode is after reaching the e80 milestone (milestone swapping be thanked).

2nd milestone (e80): It was very clear that only 3 people had any chance of getting there fast and one of them (Playspout) had to concede pretty early. Leading at first was XLII but the author himself Solarion was on his heels. After things happened it was time to review the results and XLII won by a very convincing 6 seconds!

Milestone completion (e500): That I can even do this second point has exclusively to do with Solarion refusing to stop, even going so far to basically 24 hour active CSR2 by setting alarms. And so he did it and got all milestones in such a short time. I'm not even sure if I want to praise that dedication^^

Close behind in a bigger bunch come Playspout (though that will probably not end up as his main save), NGZ001, Gen and d4Nf6Bg51-0

As always: no guarantees for correct placements^^

Other news:

- The update not only brought 2 new CTs, it also came coupled with a cap raise for CT tau to e150 (thanks for e14 additional tau and making me love my decision to push CTs over the previous limit). This will certainly make the future wait for new CTs far better and counter the power of QoL. Time for some real CT rankings on the sheet now^^
- Great transition to the record sheet: we passed a total tau of e7000(!), how crazy is that?
- Some third news, just to make it a nicer number: we had several discussion over the future of QoL and actually came to some terms/consent (which is nice). This means for example the CT tau cap raise but also making sure it doesn't get too OP. Of course that is still not all finished and done but a nice start!

### Rankings

After this lengthy CT recap, it is finally time to come to the real thing!
May2022 Top 20 on the leaderboard, their \\(F(t)\\) at the time the list was compiled and their Discord connection (Discord names in brackets are not their nicknames!):

1. GenErationNation (Gen) - ee63909:

> "Only" a bit above ~~1000~~ ~~2000~~ ~~3000~~ ~~4000~~5000 messages here (I think I have to stop that soon xD Okay, nah, why would I? Must pressure Gen to get 1000 messages per month). Wait, he has only 4904. We have been bamboozled and Gen has failed. Shame on him!
>
> The Juggernaut is not stopping any time soon, neither ingame, nor in the server. Kind of surprisingly he got caught by Playspout on the line to first completion of both CTs but his ongoing, almost inhuman pushing makes him extend his lead. I have no idea when there will actually be someone to challenge him but he really works for his place at the top. While he seems in no place to lead in the new CTs he's close enough to have no problems showing up in this place for quite some time.

2. GrimJuniper55831 (wind) - ee63462:

> The legend from a while back, whose presence here is sadly pretty rare these days... Often he complained about theories being too active, though he has them all way too high xD I wonder if he could still compete with Gen there, while CTs are not contest. Well, not only is it a void question because of more CTs, he'd need to be online for more than an hour a month...
>
> While his reduced activity means he is having a hard time keeping up with the top players for custom theories and had at least an important impact on losing #1 it is still not so easy to catch him. Come back to us! (~~actually don't, I need another place~~)

3. (+2) HeadedArt26 (Playspout) - ee63041:

> If you ever looked at the record sheet you should know him because he's literally everywhere there (still holding him off from T2/T4 for now^^). Also pretty active here for quite a while, doing everything imaginable! Added fun fact: did ee50000 without T9. I wonder if there is anything he isn't active in^^
>
> Playspout is the Ling Ling of Exponential ~~Idle~~Active with 40 hours a day (and more saves than any person should have), but sometimes he just forgets about the main objective (and for this rankings it is not tau but \\(F(t)\\)). Thus he lost his third place but as I announced last month: Unfortunately one never knows when his next push happens^^ It happened and here he is back to third place like expected. I wonder when he'll get really close to wind.

4. (-1) Eldrail (AfuroZamurai) - ee63000:

> Always a bit difficult to write about oneself^^ Activity here is more in phases but at least pretty regularly (so daily), in the game I do like my idle theories (who could've guessed?) and pushing \\(F(t)\\). Favorite phrase: Time for active theories I guess^^ (while not doing that).
>
> Recently did T5 to e1000, now doing T1 to 6.66e666 which I missed by a bit for this rankings. I wonder what it will be next month^^
>
> I still hope my long term endurance will allow me to catch up in the future. In the meantime I already feel enough people breathing down my neck, so if you could stop doing this that would be nice :)

5. (+2) VintageSurfer56606 (kinger55) - ee62763:

> He has discovered the main reason to be on the server: the tau bot^^ Else he's not really participating but he's a force on the leaderboard for sure. He had a rough time after CT were released he first time but after dropping out he shot back up and now stabilised with quite a lead, even fighting for 6th place. How will he do next month if a new CT comes? It were 2 CTs and additional 2 places up. No idea if that will hold but whatever he took, I want it too!

6. (-2) BlackSeal94 (BlackSeal) - ee62747:

> Seldom seen here but always great to see him update his insane T6 stat (discounting Playspout who shouldn't count anyways)^^  Custom theories have kind of awoken him to be more active here, which is nice. It also made him more active in the rankings, which is not so nice ;)
>
> He certainly wants more but will he actually get more? I hope not! With a new challenger arriving, he lost this month race but everything is still so close he could shoot up next month for sure. I'm very intrigued while being a bit scared!

7. (-1) Antharion1988 (Antharion) - ee62713:

> The original legend, longtime #1, creator of the tau simulator and sadly not that active anymore (both in the game and on the server), though we can still see him (and he's certainly not given up^^) quite regularly. So far he has not dropped but a new contender has risen. I once wrote: "With custom theories it might be harder for him to keep up with his reduced activity. I still hope - and be it just for nostalgic reasons - that he picks up the pace again.". My hopes came true! Now what will happen when a third CT is released? So far nothing, but still curious about the next month! Gogogo! (Totally not biased)

8. AdamH99 (nemesis) - ee62480:

> Recently found here on the server and no longer an unknown! So far it was fast and steady wins the race - and now he is here in the Top 10, it is more like a back and forth.  Also worth a mention: he is in the Top 10 for all minigames, getting the final ones during the last months!
>
> I asked: Will this fuel his motivation again to come back? Looks like he fought back and this time he reclaimed his place. A big gap to the top means he'll have to fight against the usurpers first. What will the next month bring? Maybe an end to the swings? Yes, some nice stabilization happened while still closing the gap a bit.

9. harumaki200 (harumaki) - ee62355:

> So far with the lowest amount of Discord messages but at least still here^^ Custom theories required some posts but that was it somewhat sadly.
>
> Activity on the server is no where equivalent to activity ingame and this holds true here very well. Continuously on the rise, custom theories proved to be a further boost. Now it will be hard to progress more but maybe old legends will be pulled down soon nevertheless? Dropped for the first time, now also stabilized and probably ready for the other direction, we'll see.

10. (+1) ReckonCrew (ReckonCrew) - ee62253:

> They have all their messages on the server from a single day about 13 months ago, which is an achievement in itself I guess^^
>
> Not much else to say except they are still where they left off (thanks, less work shifting people around). Not only is this impressive during these changing times but he made progress in regards to the Top 10! To my surprise I couldn't jinx it by predicting no change. Continue to be my favorite kind of ranking player ;)
>
> The whole paragraph above got kind of ruined because he got into the Top 10. How dare you! Still always nice to have a new face there for some shaking up the ranking! Now please settle down again?

11. (-1) Remmoire (Keynez) - ee62177:

> Has been seen already but not 100% certain what their name is here on the server. From the usage of the !tau command it looks like the given name has to be correct, though they have yet to talk to others than the tau bot since April 2021. Nevertheless they're certainly a constant on the top of the leaderboard.
>
> Last month the trend wasn't Keynez friend and this month it wasn't as well. Out of the Top 10, others creeping up. Better fight hard now!

12. (+1) Runer112 (Runer112) - ee62172:

> Their last activity was over half a year ago on the server - ingame is certainly different. While mainly hovering around rank 20, they dropped out for a while. Last month they came back with a bang, gaining 11(!) places to get a new best placement. I wondered how they'll keep up and bam, another place gained. I think I want their EI steroids too^^

13. (-1) some gibberish I won't even try typewriting [name may change any second] (nubest) - ee62096:

> Long time member of this server, with quite a lot of messages a name to know. Maybe not the founder but excessive user of a rather unusual kind of text emoji: ouo and variations of it. She also likes to call hax and people bad which seems to correlate with her orthographic skills.
>
> Threatening her position (or maybe only Snaeky doing that) will lead to overclocking the nubest.exe. Maybe it will even lead to the forbidden art of doing active theories. Will probably need that for progress or not falling prey to the rise of xelaroc/spqcey^^
>
> I'm still waiting for Top 10, no pressure though. I guess saying active bad (while still doing some active) might hurt in that regard - even though as the Idle Lord I approve of such a playstyle^^ Also tried the e1000 T5 challenge but aborted after reaching about 980, which isn't even second highest (Gen is just to good).

14. (+1) xelaroc (AlexCord) - ee62043:

> He is a very active member of this community here and even more in the game in respect to the minigames. An insane 600+ million(!) total stars (over 450 million of them minigame stars) are unrivaled and very impressive. Now he also made himself a name with his own custom theory which got approved and added as official to the game.
>
> Custom theories boosted him a lot and while he hasn't really got more places, he regained his entry placement and is quite close to a few of the higher places. The rise could start again, while I also wonder when he'll get that crazy 1 billion stars^^ So far he got one more place but the star gain has either slowed down/stopped or he hasn't informed us. Where are you anyway?

15. (+1) spqcey (randomname) - ee62005:

> No idea what the name means but not that random of a person^^ We have another minigame master with a very impressive 1.45e8 minigame stars. Not only that but he's also pretty active in the realm of collecting data in sheets like the tau graphing sheet and the \\(F(t)\\) sheet. He's pretty active on the Discord server and is certainly a welcome addition to the rankings!
>
> Seemingly glued to xelaroc. Maybe it is time to swap places? Looking forward to see him trying to raise even further! Rise continues but still waiting for that overtake^^

16. (+2) TREDEC42 (XLII) - ee61999:

> Now firmly placed in the rankings, ready for more!
>
> If there is someone to associate with nailing the new custom theories and really taking the stage it has to be XLII (as the person besides the machines Gen and Playspout). Not only that, he's one of the fastest rising players, who is pretty impressive across the board: lots of stars (and minigame stars, also third) and even appearing on tau leaderboards for the original theories. His activity in the server is a nice bonus on top!
>
> And recently he entered the simulation game and has been of great help in that field, going so far as being the "balancer" in the new EF CT! Go ahead and rise some more!

17. (-3) SnaekySnacks (SnaekySnacks) - ee61949:

> Had a hard time not to think of sneaky but okay^^ Maybe the most active person on the server [citation needed]. Also known for his contributions to the guide and answering questions seemingly everywhere and everytime^^ Helping is in his blood and so he helps nubest with their friendly battle. Due to his work he's been less active lately and thus cannot catch up. You're doing a great job though!
>
> The inevitable fall also separated him from nubest but maybe that isn't so bad^^ Now he also has his own theory idea (EF) fulfilled with the help of peanut and XLII.

18. (+2) UpArtz (?) - ee61810:

> Seems to be active on Reddit but not here, though this is unclear. Never really noticed this name before starting the ranking but certainly up is once again appropriate^^
>
> Took 2 month for them to get back and now it looks like they wnat to stay! Still very close pack, so who knows if he'll get relegated again or stays in there. I'm interested and impressed by that fighting spirit!

19. (new) TertiaryJourneyman34 (Solarion) - ee61640 (or at least > 61624):

> The \\(F(t)\\) might be bit to high (a leaderboard bug according to him) but he did managed to actually get this place rather early during the extended period it took for this rankings to be done, so he deserves his place for sure.
>
> Young he is but that hasn't stopped him from making his own CT by himself and being the top player for it so far. This seems to have also given the necessary boost to finally enter the rankings after some continuous rise before (though still from outside the previous Top 25!).
>
> Very active and interested in discussions about how to play. Hope we see more of him here and he stays so likeable!

20. (new) JuannTitor (JuanTitor) - ee61624:

> On the server it looks like a lot of bot commands lately but from time to time he pops up for some other comment.
>
> It was very close but last month he lost the fight for his life in the rankings. I did say "As it is so close he might get back though, so I won't write him off." and right I was: here he is back! Still all very close, so no guarantee hot the close pack around place 20 will resolve.

Some enter the list and so some have to leave the list as well. Here are our fallen fellows from this month:

21. (-4) ConvolutedEarth28 (?) - ee61606:

> Not much to say except a vague feeling I should know who this is but I don't. Cool name though^^ Maybe we'll know more at some point in the future?
>
> Custom theories had been hard on them but they still managed to fight and keep their Top 20 spot, showing you can still do well while being not on the server! Still not so sure how much longer it can be sustainable though... And there it is... Out the first time I think, though it is still close enough to think about a comeback.

25. (-6) Fireburner80 (Gull Dewcat) - ee61537:

> His in-game activity seems to mirror his server activity: preferably idle. Long time around this spot, maybe he'll get the fire back and start rising again? For now it still looks like the fire might still burn but not enough to compete with the players above. I fear for his future!
>
> I feared right and now wonder if it will all be ash or he can reignite to shoot up again.

### An honorable mention goes to

1. (on iOS) Phask (Phask) - ee62000:

> Longtime leader on the iOS leaderboard and actually in the Top 20 overall if combined. For quite some time it looked like he actually might be pretty close to the Top 10 on Android but this month he fell pretty hard, now being at about #15. He's also on the server, though his active times are some months ago. Also known as the creator of the first Tau data collection sheet.
>
> As I'm an Android player it is hard to keep track of what he's doing but his consistency to stay close to the Top 10 overall means he hasn't lost his edge, though while he kept the gap, newer Android players replaced the old challengers, which might spell trouble for him. So far it seems he's losing \\(F(t)\\) very slowly, though who knows if it will stay that way?
>
> First time really changing much about Phask because it looks like the new CTs have not done him any good, answering the question above. The new question is: can he recover from it? The answer will come next month^^

And in the end it is of course time for the "real" honorable mention (please nominate someone with a reason for future inclusion of players if you have somebody in mind) as Phask is technically in the Top 20 rankings:

2134. orangepeanut19 (peanut) - ee30809:

> A new face arose. While his \\(F(t)\\) is still very far off, this doesn't mean he has to be lacking in other parts of the game. In the very short span of 3 weeks he managed to program a now official CT (based on the idea of Snaeky and balancing with XLII), something not very many people can say. All these even before he finished school!
>
> Very active on the server he is a great addition and has been much fun to write with. And he shows how CTs have nothing to do with earlier rankings, being close to the top in the EF race and having created one so short after unlocking them. I hope he stays with us for a long time!

As it turned out to be quite the undertaking to write this month edition (with several interruptions making it span over half a day...), minor changes happened, with only two ranking changes over the whole period. Nice! If you want to know: BlackSeal overtook Antharion again and Solarion actually reached the place the leaderboard claims he already has before the first interruption even happened.
