---
title: "Rankings & News September 2022"
description: "Rankings of the Top 20 players with more infos and news about occurrences from August to September 2022"
author: "AfuroZamurai"
contributors: "the Amazing Community"
discord: true
date: 2022-09-15
---

## September 2022

### News

CT are running really out of steam... or not?! There is some news and especially the bright prospect of new CTs being made and getting more and more ready to be actually tested and included!

- NGZ joined XLII in the feat of reaching 1100000000 stars. I only say achievement 34^^
- NGZ additionally managed to pass e300 for EF on his main save which means stonks for him!
- The amount of players reaching certain milestones is also impressive: 3 with ee66000+, already 18 (+1 iOS) with ee65000+, 140 players who broke ee60000 and over 1000 players who reached ee50000 \\(F(t)\\)!
- Looking at the (admittedly short) delay I wonder when I either have to miss a month or have one shorter "month" to get back on track. I take bets^^ Time is running out slowly...
- Already praised the guide people last month but have to happily do it again because we now have a custom theory section! Thanks to all of you!
- No news but please send me news if I don't catch them (and force me to say I wrote them down)^^
- Out of news because I didn't write anything down and now it is late, so in other news: time for the rankings!

### Rankings

So after once again avoiding the rankings in favor of news for a bit, it is finally time for the update!

September2022 Top 20 on the leaderboard, their \\(F(t)\\) at the time the list was compiled and their Discord connection (Discord names in brackets are not their nicknames!):

1. GenErationNation (Gen) - ee66773:

> While he cannot consistently keep up the 1000 messages per month, the Juggernaut is not stopping any time soon, neither ingame, nor in the server. Maybe not at the absolute top for CTs ("only" Top 3) but still going strong enough to keep a large enough lead to be sure he won't yield the top spot for a while. Competition is coming though!

2. (+1) Eldrail (AfuroZamurai) - ee66247:

> Always a bit difficult to write about oneself^^ Activity here is more in phases but at least pretty regularly (so hopefully daily), in the game I do like my idle theories (who could've guessed?). Favorite phrase: Time for active theories I guess^^ (while not doing that until I set myself a challenge). Also loves chess.
>
> Pushing EF to get all e100+ CTs and idling around was enough to get my one time ranking #2 as Playspout has chosen not to show his true power. I'll take it, earlier than I had expected last month^^

3. (-1) HeadedArt26 (Playspout) - ee66000:

> If you ever looked at the record sheet you should know him because he's literally everywhere there (still holding him off from T2/T4 for now^^). Also pretty active here, doing everything imaginable! Added fun fact: did ee50000 without T9. I wonder if there is anything he isn't active in^^
>
> Playspout is the Ling Ling of Exponential ~~Idle~~Active with 40 hours a day (and more saves than any person should have) and still searching for new theory strats and writing and and and. Often he hides his true max for example this time where he hasn't updated the whole month since the last ranking! The second person to get 66k he's surely setting his eye on Gen. When will we see him getting close enough for an attempt? Hiding his \\(F(t)\\) indicates he might aim for a sneak attack, so we'll see!

4. (+1) VintageSurfer56606 (kinger55) - ee65980:

> He has discovered the main reason to be on the server: the tau bot^^ Else he's not really participating (unless I ask for a tau update) but he's a force on the leaderboard for sure. He certainly figured out CTs and firmly planted himself in the Top 5 though Top 3 is once again a bit out of reach. If I had to bet I'd say he'll get there one day though!

5. (+1) BlackSeal94 (BlackSeal) - ee65920:

> Seldom seen here but always great to see him update his insane T6 stat (discounting Playspout who shouldn't count anyways)^^  Custom theories have kind of awoken him to be more active here, which is nice. It also made him more active in the rankings, which is not so nice ;)
>
> He had turned on CT overdrive but as the new CTs lose their power he's back to catching up. For now the surfer still hold him off but Top 5 is now secure!

6. (+1) AdamH99 (nemesis) - ee65850:

> Found the server some while ago and no longer an unknown! Looks like he is back to fast and steady, getting pretty close to the Top 5.
>
> So for a while he is consistent and so I just hope ~~he loses motivation~~ he continues to go strong.

7. (-3) GrimJuniper55831 (wind) - ee65556:

> The legend and long-time #1 from a while back, whose presence here is sadly going to come to an end... Unfortunately he has stopped playing. That he hasn't fallen lower is testament to his previous amazing play. What is left now is to see him drop slowly and see it as a benchmark how long it will take to leave the Top 20.
>
> You'll be missed!

8. Antharion1988 (Antharion) - ee65517:

> The original legend, longtime #1, creator of the original tau simulator and sadly not that active anymore (both in the game and on the server), though we can still see him (and he's certainly not given up^^) quite regularly.
>
> It was a surprise but a welcome one to see him back in the Top 10 and staying! Wow! Gogogo!!!

9. harumaki200 (harumaki) - ee65437:

> So far with the lowest amount of Discord messages but at least still here^^ Custom theories required some posts but that was it somewhat sadly.
>
> Activity on the server is no where equivalent to activity ingame and this holds true here very well. Hovering around the Top 10, they still kept their spot and it will once again be an interesting month to see if they will keep up the pace.

10. (+2) TREDEC42 (XLII) - ee65347:

> I don't even know where to start but he's doing amazing ingame and out of the game! Rising more and more thanks to his CT prowess, original theory pushing, the newly reached insane 1e9 stars and lots of pushing. To add to that he's a minigame record hunter, sim programmer, CT balancer, helper and very active on the server!
>
> Really happy to see him enter the Top 10 for a ranking and not only for a short time! Go ahead and rise some more!

11. ReckonCrew (ReckonCrew) - ee65329:

> They have all their messages on the server from a single day about 17 months ago, which is an achievement in itself I guess^^
>
> Not much else to say except they are pretty stable, mainly gaining a place now and then. I do like stable players for this ranking^^
>
> He did give me some work by switching places but this month he's back to being nice and steadfast.

12. (+3) Finalultima (Finalultima) - ee65273:

> A newcomer who has consolidated, nice to see! While they showed up a day before the rankings they got into the Top 20 in "real" Discord conversations (after some month of talking with the tau bot!) activity is still almost negligible but happy to have them and looking forward to seeing more!
>
> Showing some impressive spirit to rise even more so quickly!

13. spqcey (randomname) - ee65203:

> No idea what the name means but not that random of a person^^ We have another minigame master with a very impressive 1.55e8 minigame stars. Not only that but he's also pretty active in the realm of collecting data in sheets like the theory strats or (sadly inactive for now) the tau graphing sheet and the \\(F(t)\\) sheet. He's pretty active on the Discord server and a very impressive custom theory master.
>
> When Top 10?

14. (-4) Remmoire (Keynez) - ee65201:

> His name has been deduced from the usage of the !tau command  though they have yet to talk to others than the tau bot since April 2021. Nevertheless they're certainly a constant on the top of the leaderboard.
>
> Dropping hard but he's a veteran, so too early to write him off.

15. (+1) SnaekySnacks (SnaekySnacks) - ee65170:

> Had a hard time not to think of sneaky but okay^^ Maybe the most active person on the server [citation needed]. Also known for his contributions to the guide and answering questions seemingly everywhere and everytime^^ Due to his work he's been less active lately (which seems still pretty active to me). You're doing a great job though! Same goes for his own custom theory idea (EF) which got implemented with the help of peanut and XLII.
>
> Despite all this distractions he's still consistently in the rankings!

16. (+2) colinc719 (?) - ee65094:

> They were maybe the biggest surprise when entering the rankings, shooting up from somewhere I cannot even remember directly into the Top 20. Stabilized, so the question is what will come next. We cannot even know more about them because it looks like they are still not on the server. Maybe the future will give us more (so far not).
>
> They started great by sneaking up past nubest during the writing^^

17. (-3) some gibberish I won't even try typewriting[name may change any second] (nubest) - ee65091:

> She has been a long time member of this server, with quite a lot of messages a name to know. Maybe not the founder but excessive user of a rather unusual kind of text emoji: ouo and variations of it. She also likes to call hax and people bad which seems to correlate with her orthographic skills.
>
> Unfortunately life came in the way and besides a pause on the server her leaderboard placement was suffering for it. Priorities are right though! As the Idle Lord I approve of the current more idle playstyle but wish her all the best! Happy to still see her on here!

18. (-1) UpArtz (?) - ee65000:

> Seems to be active on Reddit but not here, though this is unclear.
>
> They were already out and are often on the edge but because of that I'm even more impressed by their fighting spirit, looking forward to the next month! Still here, checking in next time^^

19. adequateryan (adequate ryan) - ee64800:

> Entered last month and stayed here this month. But who do we welcome into our ranks? I have no idea as they are seemingly on the server but with a whooping 0 messages so far. While I always feel a bit of sadness seeing veteran players fall, I do like new players coming in, showing all is fluid and you can catch up.
>
> Now I wonder if they'll stay or even rise or maybe even more surprisingly start to talk on the server!

20. (new) JuannTitor (JuanTitor) - ee64712:

> On the server it looks like a lot of bot commands lately but from time to time he pops up for some other comment.
>
> For quite a while he's fighting really hard for his place in the ranking and has been out and back again. Now it is time to see if he can do it again because while still close it wasn't enough for this month rankings. And he's done it! That must be a record, right?

Some enter the list and so some have to leave the list as well. Here are our fallen fellows from this month:

21. (-1) Fireburner80 (Gull Dewcat) - ee64601:

> His in-game activity seems to mirror his server activity: preferably idle. Already came back once, now he left the rankings again. Can he rekindle the fire another time? While I'm mainly objective, I hope so because it is always nice to see some of the veterans from the earlier days showing it is possible to get the spirit again and fight back!

### An honourable mention goes to

1. (on iOS) Phask (Phask) - ee64888 :

> Longtime leader on the iOS leaderboard and actually in the Top 20 overall if combined. For quite some time it looked like he actually might be pretty close to the Top 10 on Android but lately he fell pretty hard, now being at about #19. He's also on the server, though his active times are some months ago. Also known as the creator of the first Tau data collection sheet.
>
> He was consistently close to the overall Top 10 but new CTs have seen him drop. It will be interesting if he can come back at some point, would be sad to see iOS drifting further away (next contender would be "just" #24 on Android).

And in the end it is of course time for the "real" honourable mention (please nominate someone with a reason for future inclusion of players if you have somebody in mind) as Phask is technically in the Top 20 rankings:

??. FnInt (H₂Eaux) - ~ee60000+:

> Can't believe I've actually never done an honourable for him. Long overdue! Actually so long overdue he isn't even playing normally on the leaderboard any longer, so there goes some data out the window. That comes when you focus on too much other things, like implementing an automated minigame solver and then don't want to use that for the leaderboard.
>
> What to say about him? Way too much! He's a long time mod, creator of the star calculator, the Quality of Life custom theory, math genius (at least I think so because he seemingly has some high quality things to say to basically anything resembling math), translator, beta tester and for some weird reason both evil and good.
>
> For me he's certainly more good and I'm really happy he's still hanging around despite kind of missing out on the main thing^^

As it turned out to be quite the undertaking to write this month edition (as always, might need to overthink the format?), we had exactly one \\(F(t)\\) change. That one was big enough though, seeing colinc719 pass nubest.
