---
title: "Rankings & News February 2022"
description: "Rankings of the Top 20 players with more infos and news about occurrences from January to February 2022"
author: "AfuroZamurai"
contributors: "the Amazing Community"
discord: true
date: 2022-02-02
---

## February 2022

### News

The first rankings after custom theories got released!

So before I'll get to the rankings it is appropriate to recap the release of the first two official custom theories and the subsequent races which saw some really close fights for reaching milestones (in the truest sense of the word).

Coming along with the new update was the Weierstraß Sine Product, made by xelaroc (already known by an honorable mention and now - slight spoiler - as part of the Top 20) as the first custom theory available to be played. As it also adds to the real tau a lot of the dedicated people started from the minute the update dropped and powered through for hours to reach the Autobuyer, developing new strategies along the way. To fully grasp the dedication: it took over 7 hours of mostly active play to get there! In the end it was a matter of minutes but we got the following result:

1. Playspout
2. spqcey
3. Phazer (iOS!)
4. Gen
5. Snaeky

Afterwards the fight continued but at some point people needed to sleep (at least for a while) and differences grew. In the background the "threat" of the second official theory was looming the whole time as it was very closed to being released, thus interrupting on the WSP grind.

Finally after 7 long days the second official theory dropped: Sequential Limits by ellipsis (see the honorable mention from November 2021!). At that point the Top 9 (known values) had surpassed the e70 tau mark, with Playspout and XLII battling it out just in front of Gen.

Immediately all attention was switched and a new fight began. The author started great but was soon overtaken. After a while it was found independently by the same two players who topped WSP (XLII and Playspout) and Snaeky that the more idle-themed theory could be played active by swapping milestones. No rest could be allowed until more milestones were acquired, only ending at the time when all milestones were reached. Surprising to many the active king Playspout was actually beaten this time by XLII who achieved the goal first after 3 and a half days and continues to lead this leaderboard since then.

Now the growth has slowed down and eagerly awaited is the next official theory though none knows when it will be time for a new push nor in which theory.

### Rankings

These events certainly shook up the positions. I'm curious to see what happened, so time to get to it. February 2022 Top 20 on the leaderboard, their \\(F(t)\\) at the time the list was compiled and their Discord connection (Discord names in brackets are not their nicknames!):

1. (+1) GenErationNation (Gen) - ee61417:

> "Only" a bit above ~~1000~~2000 messages here but if there is anyone who can challenge wind it has to be Gen^^ Recently he really started to attack for #1, we'll see if either his or wind announced reduce in play time will have more impact.
>
> Well, that aged great^^ We saw that a combination of custom theories and free time made the difference and allowed Gen to not only catch up but even overtake the long time #1 to be only the 4th number one (discounting ones due to glitches etc.) since a lot of months after Antharion took over when ee50000 was still far away. During this heroic undertaking he also managed to pass 6000(!) tau, maybe being the first to do it.
>
> Now he is the one being chased, so it will be interesting to see if he can cement and keep his spot or the chaser will reclaim the throne.

2. (-1) GrimJuniper55831 (wind) - ee61348:

> The legend, whose presence here is not that rare but usually not daily, unfortunately even rarer these days. Often he complains about theories being too active, though he has them all way too high xD He also managed to get to the ee60k leaderboard cap before custom theories, incredible!
>
> Him announcing he'll reduce time spent should mean he'll only be a bit more human I guess^^ That aged rather poorly, as this also might be the reason he couldn't keep up with the top players for custom theories and lost his #1 place to Gen. I really wished I could talk to him before but so it is a big mystery how near he is to Gen and what this might mean for the future. Let's hope for an exciting battle for the crown!

3. (+1) HeadedArt26 (Playspout) - ee61002:

> If you ever looked at the record sheet you should know him because he's literally everywhere there (still holding him off from T2/T4 for now^^). Also pretty active here for quite a while! Added fun fact: did ee50000 without T9.
>
> Playspout is the Ling Ling of Exponential ~~Idle~~Active with 40 hours a day, so it surprises me more that he only now really overtook me. Actually he's catching up his idle theories nowadays which allowed him for some amazing custom theories play. The only question remains: can he make ground on our Top 2?

4. (-1) Eldrail (AfuroZamurai) - ee60940:

> Always a bit difficult to write about oneself^^ Activity here is more in phases but at least pretty regularly (so daily), in the game I do like my idle theories (who could've guessed?) and pushing \\(F(t)\\). Favorite phrase: Time for active theories I guess^^ (while not doing that).
>
> I paid my new mod existence with the third place and totally didn't get overtaken by Playspout because he's the better player or I can't play custom theories as well as others.
>
> This doesn't mean I'll give up or focus solely on chess as I hope my long term endurance will allow me to catch up in the future. In the meantime I already feel BlackSeal breathing down my neck, so time for active theories ;)

5. (+1) BlackSeal94 (BlackSeal) - ee60654:

> The old T6 champion and actually climbing the leaderboard, which is impressive at these heights! Seldom seen here but always great to see him update his insane T6 stat^^  Custom theories have kind of awoken him to be more active here, which is nice. It also made him more active in the rankings, which is not so nice ;)
>
> His speed is pretty amazing and he left Antharion in the dust so far. He certainly wants more but will he actually get more? We'll see!

6. (-1) Antharion1988 (Antharion) - ee60576:

> The original legend, longtime #1, creator of the tau simulator and sadly not that active anymore (both in the game and on the server), though we can still see him (and he's certainly not given up^^) quite regularly. So far he has still some lead to those below him, so no drop expected any time soon.
>
> My last statement isn't that wrong but with custom theories it might be harder for him to keep up with his reduced activity. I still hope - and be it just for nostalgic reasons - that he picks up the pace again.

7. (+1) harumaki200 (harumaki) - ee60283:

> So far with the lowest amount of Discord messages but at least still here^^ Custom theories required some posts but that was it somewhat sadly.
>
> Activity on the server is no where equivalent to activity ingame and this holds true here very well. Continuously on the rise, custom theories proved to be a further boost. Now it will be hard to progress more but maybe old legends will be pulled down soon nevertheless?

8. (+12) AdamH99 (nemesis) - ee59928:

> Recently found here on the server and no longer an unknown! So far it was fast and steady wins the race - and now he is here in the Top 10, just a month after barely entering the Top 20. Also worth a mention: he is in the Top 10 for all minigames, getting the final ones during the last months!
>
> We can watch his career with great interest, wondering if there will be a ceiling now or the climb can still continue!

9. counix86 (counix [previously Arthurbdn]) - ee59853:

> Basically not active, except for a short time when the french glitch happened and catapulted him to the top. Well, let's just say his T2 is like a year ahead of its time... Really looking forward to the point when I get his value on my side save to see how long it took^^
>
> It looked like he's not active enough anymore to keep up but he actually kept his place after custom theories came out, which is a testament to his still ongoing motivation. If that will be enough? We will see in the next rankings.

10. Remmoire (Keynez) - ee59846:

> Has been seen already but not 100% certain what their name is here on the server. From the usage of the !tau command it looks like the given name has to be correct, though they have yet to talk to others than the tau bot since April 2021. Nevertheless they're certainly a constant on the top of the leaderboard.
>
> In the recent times no places changed but the gap to the place above closed, so the rise seems to continue.

11. ReckonCrew (ReckonCrew) - ee59674:

> They have all their messages on the server from a single day about 11 months ago, which is an achievement in itself I guess^^
>
> Not much else to say except they are still where they left off. While this is impressive during these changing times no progress in regards to Top 10 were made while the gap top to the chasers shrank quite a bit. So I expect a drop next rankings, which is maybe a prediction which won't age well but at some point I need to be brave^^

12. (+5) peopleabovemeishax [previously nubest lol] (nubest) - ee59626:

> She shot up the ranks and entered the Top 20 not that long ago. Long time member of this server, with quite a lot of messages a name to know. Maybe not the founder but excessive user of a rather unusual kind of text emoji: ouo and variations of it.
>
> This month she won the close race against Snaeky, winning their long time contest for now, which may comfort her over the breaking of her apple (which is neither to eat nor with iOS). The race never stops, so time to overclock the nubest.exe! As she closes in on higher players her name could considered to be factually wrong, though it is still unclear whether Top 10 is a realistic goal in the near future.

13. (+5) SnaekySnacks (SnaekySnacks) - ee59602:

> Had a hard time not to think of sneaky but okay^^ Maybe the most active person on the server [citation needed]. Also known for his contributions to the guide and answering questions seemingly everywhere and everytime^^ Helping is in his blood and so he helps nubest with their friendly battle. After 2 months behind it is maybe time to be ahead the next rankings?
>
> He did the pro gamer move and remained one place behind nubest by getting that extra ee1 over Slacker. But regardless of this tiny gap, custom theories provided a boost to get the Top 10 campaign going again, I'm very interested to see where both of them end up!

14. (-1) UnbelievableSlacker (Slacker) - ee59601:

> Probably slacking too often (sorry, couldn't help it) but he was pretty active on the server for a while some time ago. Never give up the hope to see him again - which proved right as he came back with some activity after custom theories released!
>
> While obviously not slacking enough to fall down much he was still not able to withstand the attack of the duo. Hard times may come in the future but if he ever stops that slacking, who knows what is possible?

15. (new) xelaroc (AlexCord) - ee59458:

> He is a very active member of this community here and even more in the game in respect to the minigames. An insane 406 million(!) total stars (over 260 million of them minigame stars) are unrivaled and very impressive. Now he also made himself a name with his own custom theory which got approved and added as official to the game. Definitely an overdue and deserved new entry into the Top 20!
>
> And what an entry it was with custom theories boosting him so much he jumped immediately to rank 15! His activity makes me assume he'll rise even more in the future, I'm looking forward to more Exponential Idle with him!

16. (-9) VintageSurfer56606 (kinger55) - ee59403:

> He has discovered the main reason to be on the server: the tau bot^^ Else he's not really participating but he's a force on the leaderboard for sure. Recently he has been challenged by BlackSeal and he seems to be losing that fight. Will he make a comeback?
>
> I kept that extract from last month in because it is a perfect example how custom theories shook up the rankings: not only did he lost that fight, he dropped out of the Top 10. Whoever manages to enter the Top 10 should never be underestimated but if he can't improve his custom theory game before the next ones come, he'll have a hard time to keep his place on the rankings.

17. (-1) JuannTitor (JuanTitor) - ee59402:

> On the server it looks like a lot of bot commands lately but from time to time he pops up for some other comment. You win some, you lose some. He seems to alternate each month. So one place up for next month?
>
> better not let me predict anything because it is a place down. Though what is definitely needed to be mentioned: 16-19 are only ee4(!) apart, so this snapshot is not really indicative of what will happen soon. I wonder how he'll fare in this group.

18. (-6) Fireburner80 (Gull Dewcat) - ee59400:

> His in-game activity seems to mirror his server activity: preferably idle. Long time around this spot, maybe he'll get the fire back and reclaim his old Top 10 spot? Looks harder now as he seems to lose more but maybe the fire will burn again?
>
> Same as for the surfer: the fire might still burn but not enough to compete with the stronger custom theory players (at least I'm assuming this is responsible for most of the movements this month). I wonder if he will catch himself or if his fire will burn out. We'll see in a month!

19. (new) spqcey (randomname) - ee59399:

> No idea what the name means but not that random of a person^^ We have another minigame master with a very impressive 1.38e8 minigame stars. Not only that but he's also pretty active in the realm of collecting data in sheets like the tau graphing sheet and the \\(F(t)\\) sheet. He's pretty active on the Discord server and is certainly a welcome addition to the rankings!
>
> As the release of custom theories has shown he's certainly one of the top players in that regard, so not a surprise he entered the top 20 by a margin. He'll still have to learn the pro strat of not to end his grad just below the grad mark when in a close group (which could've given him potentially 3 additional places with probably minimal effort) but his rise will most probably continue and he'll surpass them regularily during the coming month.

20. (-6) ConvolutedEarth28 (?) - ee59318:

> Not much to say except a vague feeling I should know who this is but I don't. Cool name though^^ Maybe we'll know more at some point in the future? They gained like ee30 \\(F(t)\\) on Slacker during the last month, so another swap might be due soon.
>
> Well, a swap occurred but not the one anticipated and wanted by them. Custom theories can be harsh but at least they still retained a place in the rankings. Now it remains to be seen if they can recover and fight for more or just for staying in the rankings with strong chasers behind.

Some enter the list and so some have to leave the list as well. Here are our fallen fellows from this month:

22. (-3) UpArtz (?) - ee59199:

> Seems to be active on Reddit but not here, though this is unclear. Never really noticed this name before starting the ranking but certainly up was appropriate^^
>
> The release of custom theories has hit him hard, as he now trails #20 by about the same amount he previously had more. On the other hand he's the player who has gotten back once before after dropping out, so the last word has not yet been spoken!

23. (-8) pmloikjuyhbn (pmloikjuyhbn) - ee59132:

> What an abomination of a name xD Inactive on the server since middle of June 2021, so not much is known about them except their development after the rankings started.
>
> Two months ago they dropped a lot but last moth they were able to pick up the pace again to regain at least one spot. Recovery? Custom theories say no. Their growth was too miniscule to keep up with the faster developments, so for now they're out, though their fluctuations at least indicate a possibility of a comeback.

### An honorable mention goes to

1. (on iOS) Phask (Phask) - ee59696:

> Longtime leader on the iOS leaderboard and actually in the Top 20 overall if combined. Looks like he actually might be pretty close to the Top 10 on Android (currently #12)! He's also on the server, though his active times are some months ago. Also known as the creator of the first Tau data collection sheet.
>
> As I'm an Android player it is hard to keep track of what he's doing but his consistency to stay close to the Top 10 overall means he hasn't lost his edge, though while he kept the gap, newer Android players replaced the old challengers, which might spell trouble for him.

Another honorable mention (chosen not that randomly from a list of candidates - please nominate someone with a reason for future inclusion of players if you have somebody in mind):

24. TREDEC42 (XLII) - ee59110:

> Most probably just in time to get that honorable mention before he'll enter the Top 20 (no pressure^^).
>
> If there is someone to associate with nailing the new custom theories and really taking the stage it has to be XLII (as presented in the custom theory write-up above). Not only that, he's one of the fastest rising players, who is pretty impressive across the board: lots of stars (and minigame stars) and even appearing on tau leaderboards for the original theories. His activity in the server is a nice bonus on top, so I'm happy to have him here and hopefully in the rankings in the future!
