---
title: "Rankings & News November 2022"
description: "Rankings of the Top 20 players with more infos and news about occurences from October to November 2022"
author: "AfuroZamurai"
contributors: "the Amazing Community"
discord: true
date: 2022-11-13
---

## November 2022

### News

The wait for one of the several CTs ready for review to be tested and approved continues but hey, if we have to continue the old ones that also has its positive sides!

- For example: NGZ managed to get his EF on his main save up to the cap of e150 tau! In terms of efficiency he might regret this but having this achievement to his name is eternal and also great, right?
- The record sheet now splits up the theories (for now only for original theories) into main and alt saves. This gives some better overview into what people actually have. This dropped the current maximum tau to just above e6900 (which is still high enough and surpasses the alt included high of April) and shows that for main saves we have 7 different players at the top (only Playspout has 2 topspots because of course he has).
- The server passed 10000 people! Not sure when that happened but I want to mention it now.
- d4Nf6Bg5 only had a minor breakdown as he's still outside the Top 20 (sorry for the random news)
- Playspout showed another one of his great sides and wrote a whole bunch of helpful guide extensions about several topics
- All in all it was a more quiet month with overpushing at the top and a lot of waiting and anticipation for the big bang when new CTs drop (please not yet, I need to finish EF)
- Gen convinced me during the writing that I should do a yearly edition (which I interpret as an end-of-year review), so if you have anything to say about that, go ahead and tell me

### Rankings

So after once again avoiding the rankings in favor of news for a bit, it is finally time for the update!

November 2022 Top 20 on the leaderboard, their f(t) at the time the list was compiled and their Discord connection (Discord names in brackets are not their nicknames!):


1. (+1) HeadedArt26 (Playspout) - ee67388:

> If you ever looked at the record sheet you should know him because he's literally everywhere there (still holding him off from T2/T4 for now^^). Also pretty active here, doing everything imaginable! Added fun fact: did ee50000 without T9. I wonder if there is anything he isn't active in^^
>
> Playspout is the Ling Ling of Exponential IdleActive with 40 hours a day (and more saves than any person should have) and still searching for new theory strats and writing and and and. As expected he surpassed Gen and claimed the number 1 spot officially in a monthly ranking. So could you slow down please?

2. (-1) GenErationNation (Gen) - ee67017:

> While he cannot consistently keep up the 1000 messages per month, the Juggernaut is not stopping any time soon, neither ingame, nor in the server. Maybe not at the absolute top for CTs (though I think in terms of efficiency he actually is) but still going strong enough with accel (the madman^^) to keep closer to Playspout than he should (the f(t) here was stagnant and is certainly not his real one). If this will be enough to get back his #1 can be doubted though he will try it.

3. Eldrail (AfuroZamurai) - ee66907:

> Always a bit difficult to write about oneself^^ Activity here is more in phases but at least pretty regularly (so hopefully daily), in the game I do like my idle theories (who could've guessed?). Favorite phrase: Time for active theories I guess^^ (while not doing that until I set myself a challenge). Also loves chess.
>
> Have to work on my overpush because my one month intermezzo as #2 was of course short-lived and I hope I can get near Playspout again at some point before I'm overtaken. Working on it and still fighting despite a somewhat more idle presence all around.

4. (+2) AdamH99 (nemesis) - ee66747:

> Found the server some while ago and no longer an unknown! Looks like he is back to fast and steady, getting pretty close to me actually.
>
> So for a while he is consistent and so I just hope he loses motivation he continues to go strong. Good at minigames! Hopefully not too good in catching up...

5. BlackSeal94 (BlackSeal) - ee66693:

> Seldom seen here but always great to see him update his insane T6 stat (discounting Playspout who shouldn't count anyways)^^  Custom theories have kind of awoken him to be more active here, which is nice. It also made him more active in the rankings, which is not so nice ;)
>
> He had turned on CT overdrive but as the new CTs lose their power he's back to catching up. Unpertubed by the switcheroo around him, though the fight to stay in the Top 5 got certainly harder. 

6. (-2) VintageSurfer56606 (kinger55) - ee66655:

> He has discovered the main reason to be on the server: the tau bot^^ Else he's not really participating (unless I ask for a tau update) but he's a force on the leaderboard for sure. He certainly figured out CTs and firmly planted himself in the Top 5 though Top 3 is once again a bit out of reach. If I had to bet I'd say he'll get there one day! Ah well, spoke too soon, first he needs to actually get back into the Top 5^^

7. (+1) Finalultima (Finalultima) - ee66122:

> While they showed up a day before the rankings they got into the Top 20 in "real" Discord conversations (after some month of talking with the tau bot!) activity is still almost negligible but happy to have them and looking forward to seeing more!
>
> Amazing fast progress and now the gap to close is pretty big. Still an impressive achievemnt getting here and after seeing their distribution I have no doubt it is fully deserved!

8. (+1) some gibberish I won't even try typewriting[name may change any second] (nubest) - ee66101:

> She has been a long time member of this server, with quite a lot of messages a name to know. Maybe not the founder but excessive user of a rather unusual kind of text emoji: ouo and variations of it. She also likes to call hax and people bad which seems to correlate with her orthographic skills.
>
> Unfortunately life came in the way and besides a pause on the server her leaderboard placement was suffering for it. Fortunately she is now back! And what a statement to get back into the Top 10 and even climbing!

9. (-2) Antharion1988 (Antharion) - ee65766:

> The original legend, longtime #1, creator of the original tau simulator and sadly not that active anymore (both in the game and on the server), though we can still see him (and he's certainly not given up^^) quite regularly.
>
> It was a surprise but a welcome one to see him back in the Top 10 and staying! Wow! Gogogo!!!

10. TREDEC42 (XLII) - ee65994:

> I don't even know where to start but he's doing amazing ingame and out of the game! Rising more and more thanks to his CT prowess (in absolute values currently #1), original theory pushing, the newly reached insane 1e9 stars and lots of pushing. To add to that he's a minigame record hunter, sim programmer, CT balancer, helper and very active on the server!
>
> Really happy to see him enter the Top 10 for a ranking and not only for a short time! Go ahead and rise some more!

11. (+3) SnaekySnacks (SnaekySnacks) - ee65947:

> Had a hard time not to think of sneaky but okay^^ Maybe the most active person on the server [citation needed]. Also known for his contributions to the guide and answering questions seemingly everywhere and everytime^^ Due to his work he's been less active lately (which seems still pretty active to me). You're doing a great job though! Same goes for his own custom theory idea (EF) which got implemented with the help of peanut and XLII.
>
> Despite all this distractions he's still consistently in the rankings! Now I'm even looking forward to him entering the Top 10 for the first time (in my rankings, inbetween he already reached it).

12. (+1) ReckonCrew (ReckonCrew) - ee65933:

> They have all their messages on the server from a single day about 19 months ago, which is an achievement in itself I guess^^
>
> Not much else to say except they are pretty stable, mainly gaining a place now and then (and sometimes losing one). I do like stable players for this ranking^^
>
> He did give me some work by switching places but at least he remains mainly in the same rankings group^^

13. (+3) colinc719 (?) - ee65901:

> They were maybe the biggest surprise when entering the rankings, shooting up from somewhere I cannot even remember directly into the Top 20. Stabilized, so the question is what will come next. We cannot even know more about them because it looks like they are still not on the server. Maybe the future will give us more (so far not). For now they just rise.

14. (+1) spqcey (randomname) - ee65894:

> No idea what the name means but not that random of a person^^ We have another minigame master with a very impressive 2.55e8 minigame stars. Not only that but he's also pretty active in the realm of collecting data in sheets like the theory strats or (sadly inactive for now) the tau graphing sheet and the f(t) sheet. He's pretty active on the Discord server and a very impressive custom theory master.
>
> When Top 10?

15. (+2) UpArtz (?) - ee65793:

> Seems to be active on Reddit but not here, though this is unclear. 
>
> They were already out and are often on the edge but because of that I'm even more impressed by their fighting spirit, looking forward to the next month! Still here, and actually getting some serious progress in!

16. (+3) adequateryan (adequate ryan) - ee65620:

> Entered a few month ago. But who do we welcome into our ranks? I have no idea as they are seemingly on the server but with a whooping 0 messages so far. While I always feel a bit of sadness seeing veteran players fall, I do like new players coming in, showing all is fluid and you can catch up.
>
> Now I wonder if they'll stay or even rise or maybe even more surprisingly start to talk on the server! So far only rise and no talk...

17. (-6) GrimJuniper55831 (wind) - ee65556:

> The legend and long-time #1 from a while back, whose presence here is sadly going to come to an end... Unfortunately he has stopped playing. That he hasn't fallen lower is testament to his previous amazing play. What is left now is to see him drop slowly and see it as a benchmark how long it will take to leave the Top 20. Will it be next month? It seems likely :(
>
> You'll be missed!

18. (-6) harumaki200 (harumaki) - ee65543:

> So far with the lowest amount of Discord messages but at least still here^^ Custom theories required some posts but that was it somewhat sadly.
>
> Activity on the server is no where equivalent to activity ingame and this held true here very well. This time there was no change at all though, so this begs the question if they've stopped as well. We'll see about that but losing another player would be sad.

19. (+1) JuannTitor (JuanTitor) - ee65403:

> On the server it looks like a lot of bot commands lately but from time to time he pops up for some other comment.
>
> For quite a while he's fighting really hard for his place in the ranking and has been out and back again. His comebacks must be a record, right?
>
> This month he stayed and the next one he didn't drop either. Time for a Top 20 streak?

20. (new) Fireburner80 (Gull Dewcat) - ee65303:

> His in-game activity seems to mirror his server activity: preferably idle (though he is an old veteran who was somewhat active back in the days). He did idled out of the rankings but already showed the fire for a comeback and this month he did it again. I still fear for his place because their is some hungry competition creeping closer but even getting back is still an impressive achievement! He might even be saved because other players stopped playing, so who knows how long he'll stay.

Some enter the list and so some have to leave the list as well. Here is our fallen fellow from this month:

22. (-4) Remmoire (Keynez) - ee65201:

> His name has been deduced from the usage of the !tau command  though they have yet to talk to others than the tau bot since April 2021. Nevertheless they're certainly a constant on the top of the leaderboard.
>
> Dropping hard but he's a veteran, so too early to write him off. Seeing that he's not changed at all it is worrying though. Will he be another player to vanish? After what looks like another month without any activity we have to assume he's gone and we'll never see him back here again...

### An honourable mention goes to

1. (on iOS) Phask (Phask) - ee65640 :

> Longtime leader on the iOS leaderboard and actually in the Top 20 overall if combined. For quite some time it looked like he actually might be pretty close to the Top 10 on Android but lately he fell pretty hard. Since some time ago he started fighting back, now being already at #16 in the combined leaderboard. He's also on the server, though his active times are some months ago. Also known as the creator of the first Tau data collection sheet.
>
> He was consistently close to the overall Top 10 but new CTs have seen him drop. It will be interesting if he can come fully back at some point, would be sad to see iOS drifting further away (the next contender neasi_cz would be "just" #25 on Android, which is in the same time close but also so far).

And in the end it is of course time for the "real" honourable mention (please nominate someone with a reason for future inclusion of players if you have somebody in mind) as Phask is technically in the Top 20 rankings:

??. Jo (Huevos Revueltos) - ee61380:

> While it always is a bit of a challenge to find the honourable mention, I have a good feeling about this one :)
>
> Being limited to Android, I have to resort to asking other players for help (and there is another one coming here in the future). Enter the saviour! At first only making screenshots on demand this changed into a much greater collection of data about both the Android and the iOS leaderboard with the aim to provide the history of f(t) development (and maybe even tau). This was inspired by an animated graph (made by Playspout I think) about f(t) change during some earlier period of the game. Really looking forward to results and a great effort!
>
> Besides also being pretty strong in the game he's been grinding minigames stars (currently being #6 on the record sheet with 181 million minigame stars). What makes this even more impressive is the one finger technique employed which was even enough to claim the world record in hard arrow on iOS with a 12 tap board solved in just 1.39 seconds!
>
> An end is not in sight and hearing his goal of #3 for minigame stars I'm intrigued and looking forward to it!

As it turned out to be quite the undertaking to write this month edition (as always, might need to overthink the format?), we had some f(t) changes. Luckily for me none of them was enough to change any ranks (at least on my leaderboard and in the actual Top 20, Remmoire did drop from 21 to 22).
