---
title: "Rankings & News August 2022"
description: "Rankings of the Top 20 players with more infos and news about occurences from July to August 2022"
author: "AfuroZamurai"
contributors: "the Amazing Community"
discord: true
date: 2022-08-13
---

## August 2022

### News

With CTs not exactly depleted but having more or less all most relevant milestones done there was still stuff happening, so let's see what we got:

- Might start with something potentially funny. The story starts once again with a cheater who out of the blue topped the leaderboard standings. After inspection Gilles found out the person time travelled. Usually the ban ends everything but not this time as the cheater appeared here on the server and complained. Being informed that it is considered illegal he announced it unfair and when Gilles refused to allow his score he promised revenge by re-adding his score (with the help of some friends by distributing his save). For some time several accounts appeared but as Gilles helpfully pointed out his effort of removing is significantly lower (and made more fun) than creating a new account and uploading the highscore. In the end the cheaters gave up and we had some fun^^
- Now one amazing fact about stars. In an incredible effort XLII managed to get 1,000,000,000 (let that number sink in!) stars, a feat I cannot really comprehend yet!
- Total tau missed out on e7400 - I guess T2 running out of steam hurt^^ Player ingame tau did reach e6600 though (Gen sends his regards)
- On records with tau I can happily announce we have more milestones broken. I did miss the opportunity in the June news to talk about me reaching e700 tau for T2 (so I sneakily added this in) but this time I can share with you that I did break e900 for T4 at the end of July! Next e100 will take some years so, don't expect more on that front^^ Not wanting to stay behind Playspout pulled up his T8 save and showed his incredible e600 tau there!
- Looking at the (admittedly short) delay I wonder when I either have to miss a month or have one shorter "month" to get back on track. I take bets^^
- To answer the question of me catching more news - kind of^^
- Obligatory mention that once again the new sim by XLII is even better (just look at the changelog to be honest^^)
- Less obligatory but long overdue is a praise of the guide and all the people contributing to it (time to confess I don't actually know which these are besides the obvious Snaeky and Baldy - I guess spqcey with his theory strats is there for sure and after that I know some with minor contributions but I'm convinced there are more; you guys are the real heroes to quote some morally questionable fictional character). This month it got updated to be way better and further improvements are already planned or underway.
  - (thanks to Baldy I can mention the following contributors: XLII, Playspout, Gaunter and for the dev side of things Panda)
- And finally, really really brand-new we have XLII breaking the expert arrow world record by about a tenth of a second (9.451 seconds to 9.55, just faster than Usain Bolt). Congrats!

### Rankings

After once again avoiding the rankings in favor of news, it is finally time for the update!
August 2022 Top 20 on the leaderboard, their f(t) at the time the list was compiled and their Discord connection (Discord names in brackets are not their nicknames!):

1. GenErationNation (Gen) - ee66330: 
While he cannot consistently keep up the 1000 messages per month, the Juggernaut is not stopping any time soon, neither ingame, nor in the server. Maybe not at the absolute top for CTs but still going strong enough to keep a large enough lead to be sure he won't yield the top spot for a while. Competition is coming though!
(+4) 2. HeadedArt26 (Playspout) - ee66000: 
If you ever looked at the record sheet you should know him because he's literally everywhere there (still holding him off from T2/T4 for now^^). Also pretty active here, doing everything imaginable! Added fun fact: did ee50000 without T9. I wonder if there is anything he isn't active in^^
Playspout is the Ling Ling of Exponential IdleActive with 40 hours a day (and more saves than any person should have) and still searching for new theory strats and writing and and and. Often he hides his true max but I'm pretty sure not this time! The second person to get 66k he's surely setting his eye on Gen. When will we see him getting close enough for an attempt?
(+2) 3. Eldrail (AfuroZamurai) - ee65688: 
Always a bit difficult to write about oneself^^ Activity here is more in phases but at least pretty regularly (so hopefully daily), in the game I do like my idle theories (who could've guessed?). Favorite phrase: Time for active theories I guess^^ (while not doing that until I set myself a challenge). Also loves chess.
After doing several challenges (e700 T3 didn't happen though) but falling off a bit I wrote "I'll be back!" and here I am thanks to finally pushing EF. Even managed to pass a sadly inactive wind only to find Playspout hasn't hidden his f(t) and thus denying me a short time as #2... One day^^
(-2) 4. GrimJuniper55831 (wind) - ee65556: 
The legend from a while back, whose presence here is sadly pretty rare these days... Unfortunately he hasn't appeared since nor has he pushed f(t). That he hasn't fallen lower is testament to his previous amazing play but even though I gained a spot I really wish he'd come back.
Will we witness a silent fall or will he re-appear?
(-2) 5. VintageSurfer56606 (kinger55) - ee65475: 
He has discovered the main reason to be on the server: the tau bot^^ Else he's not really participating (unless I ask for a tau update) but he's a force on the leaderboard for sure. He certainly figured out CTs and firmly planted himself in the Top 5 though Top 3 is once again a bit out of reach. If I had to bet I'd say he'll get there one day though! For now an inactive wind will be next to fall though.
 (-2) 6. BlackSeal94 (BlackSeal) - ee65465: 
Seldom seen here but always great to see him update his insane T6 stat (discounting Playspout who shouldn't count anyways)^^  Custom theories have kind of awoken him to be more active here, which is nice. It also made him more active in the rankings, which is not so nice ;)
He had turned on CT overdrive but as the new CTs lose their power he's back to catching up. For now the surfer still hold him off but only by decimals (well, got a bit ruined by the later look were he surfed ahead a bit more).
 7. AdamH99 (nemesis) - ee65314: 
Found the server some while ago and no longer an unknown! So far it was fast and steady wins the race - and now he is here in the Top 10, it is more like a back and forth.  Also worth a mention: he is in the Top 10 for all minigames! 
So far he stayed and so I just hope he loses motivation he continues to go strong.
(+3) 8. Antharion1988 (Antharion) - ee65019: 
The original legend, longtime #1, creator of the original tau simulator and sadly not that active anymore (both in the game and on the server), though we can still see him (and he's certainly not given up^^) quite regularly.
It was a surprise but a welcome one to see him back in the Top 10! Wow! Gogogo!!!
(-1) 9. harumaki200 (harumaki) - ee65003: 
So far with the lowest amount of Discord messages but at least still here^^ Custom theories required some posts but that was it somewhat sadly.
Activity on the server is no where equivalent to activity ingame and this holds true here very well. They had been rising for a while, then dropping for a while but last month they came back with a bang. If Top 10 will be their new home for longer is still hard to say though.
(-1) 10. Remmoire (Keynez) - ee64857: 
His name has been deduced from the usage of the !tau command  though they have yet to talk to others than the tau bot since April 2021. Nevertheless they're certainly a constant on the top of the leaderboard.
Fighting hard but giving ground anyways, so is the Top 10 spot once again in danger? Find out next month!
(-1) 11. ReckonCrew (ReckonCrew) - ee64846: 
They have all their messages on the server from a single day about 16 months ago, which is an achievement in itself I guess^^ 
Not much else to say except they are pretty stable, mainly gaining a place now and then. I do like stable players for this ranking^^
I guess I shouldn't have said that... Not that he's springing that much, so please don't start doing that as well^^ Hey, stop changing places now!
(+1) 12. TREDEC42 (XLII) - ee64832:
I don't even know where to start but he's doing amazing ingame and out of the game! Rising more and more thanks to his CT prowess, original theory pushing, the newly reached insane 1e9 stars and lots of pushing. The he's a minigame record hunter, sim programmer, CT balancer, helper and very active on the server!
Go ahead and rise some more! He did it and I'm really happy for him!
(-1) 13. spqcey (randomname) - ee64800: 
No idea what the name means but not that random of a person^^ We have another minigame master with a very impressive 1.55e8 minigame stars. Not only that but he's also pretty active in the realm of collecting data in sheets like the theory strats or (sadly inactive for now) the tau graphing sheet and the f(t) sheet. He's pretty active on the Discord server and a very impressive custom theory master. 
When Top 10?
(+1) 14. some gibberish I won't even try typewriting[name may change any second] (nubest) - ee64793: 
She has been a long time member of this server, with quite a lot of messages a name to know. Maybe not the founder but excessive user of a rather unusual kind of text emoji: ouo and variations of it. She also likes to call hax and people bad which seems to correlate with her orthographic skills.
Unfortunately life came in the way and besides a pause on the server her leaderboard placement was suffering for it. Priorities are right though! As the Idle Lord I approve of the current more idle playstyle but wish her all the best! Happy to see her back here!
 15. Finalultima (Finalultima) - ee64601:
A newcomer who has consolidated, nice to see! While they showed up a day before the rankings they got into the Top 20 in "real" Discord conversations (after some month of talking with the tau bot!) activity is still almost negligible but happy to have them and looking forward to seeing more!
16. SnaekySnacks (SnaekySnacks) - ee64520: 
Had a hard time not to think of sneaky but okay^^ Maybe the most active person on the server [citation needed]. Also known for his contributions to the guide and answering questions seemingly everywhere and everytime^^ Due to his work he's been less active lately (which seems still pretty active to me). You're doing a great job though! Same goes for his own custom theory idea (EF) which got implemented with the help of peanut and XLII.
Despite all this distractions he's still consistently in the rankings!
(+1) 17. UpArtz (?) - ee64492: 
Seems to be active on Reddit but not here, though this is unclear. 
They were already out and are often on the edge but because of that I'm even more impressed by their fighting spirit, looking forward to the next month!
(-1) 18. colinc719 (?) - ee64409:
They were maybe the biggest surprise when entering the rankings, shooting up from somewhere I cannot even remember directly into the Top 20. We cannot even know more about them because it looks like they are still not on the server.
Maybe the future will give us more (so far not)
(new) 19. adequateryan (adequate ryan) - ee64217:
Last month they were already knocking at the door at 21, creeping closer even before and now they are in. But who do we welcome into our ranks? I have no idea as they are seemingly on the server but with a whooping 0 messages so far. While I always feel a bit of sadness seeing veteran players fall, I do like new players coming in, showing all is fluid and you can catch up.
Now I wonder if they'll stay or even rise or maybe even more surprisingly start to talk on the server!
 20. Fireburner80 (Gull Dewcat) - ee64203: 
His in-game activity seems to mirror his server activity: preferably idle. I feared for his future and was right. I wasn't right when I thought the fire had burnt out though. He's back! And he even managed to keep his spot! Always nice to see some of the veterans from the earlier days showing it is possible to get the spirit again and fight back!
Some enter the list and so some have to leave the list as well. Here are our fallen fellows from this month:
(-2) 21. JuannTitor (JuanTitor) - ee64174: 
On the server it looks like a lot of bot commands lately but from time to time he pops up for some other comment. 
For quite a while he's fighting really hard for his place in the ranking and has been out and back again. Now it is time to see if he can do it again because while still close it wasn't enough for this month rankings.

An honorable mention goes to
1. (on iOS) Phask (Phask) - ee64555 (thanks Aji_de_Gallina): 
Longtime leader on the iOS leaderboard and actually in the Top 20 overall if combined. For quite some time it looked like he actually might be pretty close to the Top 10 on Android but this month he fell pretty hard, now being at about #16. He's also on the server, though his active times are some months ago. Also known as the creator of the first Tau data collection sheet.
He was consistently close to the overall Top 10 but new CTs have seen him drop. It will be interesting if he can come back at some point, would be sad to see iOS drifting further away (next contender would be "just" #23 on Android).

And in the end it is of course time for the "real" honorable mention (please nominate someone with a reason for future inclusion of players if you have somebody in mind) as Phask is technically in the Top 20 rankings:
33. d4Nf6Bg5 (d4Nf6Bg5) - ee63409:
He's been on the server and the rankings hunt for a while. So what to write about him? The obvious answer is: Idk... (given by the man himself)
Well, okay now try again for real. If you know chess notation you can deduce from his name he's a chess player (you can go as far as allow him his self-proclaimed expert status given his 2500+ lichess rating^^). As I'm something of a chess player myself I already like that^^
Coming back to Exponential Idle he is in an understandable conflict of targets and wishes: he wants to get to the rankings but as he said himself he's too lazy to do actives. So he overpushes until at some day in the future he decides to invest his time to make use of these juicy 0.2 active rates (come on, do it, f(t) doesn't come on its own). 
I wanted to praise him for being an active and helpful member of the community but then I saw his confession of wanting to use TA, so he can be happy to still get included here ;) 
As it turned out to be quite the undertaking to write this month edition (as always, might need to overthink the format?), we had (maybe somewhat surprisingly compared to earlier months) only minor f(t) changes.