---
title: "Rankings & News April 2022"
description: "Rankings of the Top 20 players with more infos and news about occurrences from March to April 2022"
author: "AfuroZamurai"
contributors: "the Amazing Community"
discord: true
date: 2022-04-03
---

## April 2022

### News

Life first calmed down even more as custom theories got slower and slower (with a new one hopefully arriving next month). Then we got closer to fully completing (meaning to get e1000 rho or the current cap of 1e100 tau) both available custom theories and suddenly everything exploded again. Frantically simulating and pushing returned like it was the first day. In the end (thanks to a minor delay in this months rankings allowing for more completions xD) we got 5 people completing both CT in the following order (you would've never guessed who won the race):


1) Playspout (March 30th)
2) Gen (March 31st)
3) XLII (April 2nd)
4) NGZ001 (April 3rd, so today)
5) AfuroZamurai (April 3rd, so today)

We shouldn't forget single completions, so here they come (order might not represent actual completion timing):

WSP: nubest, Playsprout, Mors
SL: spqcey, foiledthrice, BlackSeal, Lyouke

Some further news as usual:


- As if SL milestone swapping strat wasn't enough, someone (the name might be hint^^) had the horrible idea to look at T8 for a better strat and now we have Solarswap: turning the attractor milestone off and on every 34 seconds for some additional speed.
- In no new news: I'm a horrible predictor when I wondered about SL having a completion this month. Technically I'm right but yeah, also kind of off.
- After recovering from the T8 strat, I can give a better news: today a better T3idle strat was found! We need more of that! Thanks Snaeky and XLII!
- Gilles is on vacation, he deserved it (and maybe he'll give us a new custom theory soon)!
- Just because he's not mentioned enough: Playspout got 1300 T6 on his alt. Will he ever stop? At least he forgot that f(t) is a thing in the mean time ;)
- We have almost 6900 total tau for all the maximum record values. When we remember the CT cap it kind of tanks a bit but hey, that is still a lot, right?
- To my knowledge we now have 4 different tau simulators but so far only the known one is open. Well, you can always ask XLII or Playspout because it seems they are always there^^

### Rankings

Okay, enough other talk, time for what you've all been waiting for. April 2022 Top 20 on the leaderboard, their f(t) at the time the list was compiled and their Discord connection (Discord names in brackets are not their nicknames!):

1. GenErationNation (Gen) - ee62986:

> "Only" a bit above ~~1000~~ ~~2000~~ ~~3000~~ 4000 messages here (I think I have to stop that soon xD Okay, nah, why would I? Must pressure Gen to get 1000 messages per month).
>
> The Juggernaut is not stopping any time soon, neither ingame, nor in the server. Kind of surprisingly he got caught by Playspout on the line to first completion of both CTs but his ongoing, almost inhuman pushing makes him extend his lead. I have no idea when there will actually be someone to challenge him but he really works for his place at the top.

2. GrimJuniper55831 (wind) - ee62799:

> The legend from a while back, whose presence here is sadly pretty rare these days... Often he complained about theories being too active, though he has them all way too high xD I wonder if he could still compete with Gen there, while CTs are not contest.
>
> Him announcing he'll reduce time spent should mean he'll only be a bit more human I guess^^ This also means he is having a hard time keeping up with the top players for custom theories and subsequently losing his #1 place to Gen. Looks like now it is more about not being caught. Still a way to go for the hunters though!

3. (+1) Eldrail (AfuroZamurai) - ee62401:

> Always a bit difficult to write about oneself^^ Activity here is more in phases but at least pretty regularly (so daily), in the game I do like my idle theories (who could've guessed?) and pushing f(t). Favorite phrase: Time for active theories I guess^^ (while not doing that).
>
> I kind of did it recently though and got the first main save to e1000 T5. Just took me almost 2 months. It's fine. Now I have kind of only idled since then :)
>
> I still hope my long term endurance will allow me to catch up in the future. In the meantime I already feel BlackSeal breathing down my neck and if Playspout remembers about f(t) I'll have no time for looking up.

4. (+1) BlackSeal94 (BlackSeal) - ee62110:

> Seldom seen here but always great to see him update his insane T6 stat (discounting Playspout who shouldn't count anyways)^^  Custom theories have kind of awoken him to be more active here, which is nice. It also made him more active in the rankings, which is not so nice ;)
>
> His speed is pretty amazing and he left Antharion in the dust so far. He certainly wants more but will he actually get more? I hope not!
>
> The battle with Antharion is still on and looks like Anth intends to keep up. This is fun to follow :) At least until he catches me.

5. (-2) HeadedArt26 (Playspout) - ee62016:

> If you ever looked at the record sheet you should know him because he's literally everywhere there (still holding him off from T2/T4 for now^^). Also pretty active here for quite a while, doing everything imaginable! Added fun fact: did ee50000 without T9.
>
> Playspout is the Ling Ling of Exponential ~~Idle~~Active with 40 hours a day, but sometimes you just forget about the main objective. He hasn't updated in a while, so despite having more tau than I have, his f(t) pushing was sad recently. As punishment he only gets fifth place this time. Unfortunately one never knows when his next push happens^^ When really wanting he should be trying to catch up to wind, so expect him back to 3rd in the next rankings!

6. Antharion1988 (Antharion) - ee62008:

> The original legend, longtime #1, creator of the tau simulator and sadly not that active anymore (both in the game and on the server), though we can still see him (and he's certainly not given up^^) quite regularly. So far he has not dropped but a new contender has risen. I once wrote: "With custom theories it might be harder for him to keep up with his reduced activity. I still hope - and be it just for nostalgic reasons - that he picks up the pace again.". My hopes came true! Now what will happen when a third CT is released? Up seems hard but can he prevent down?

7. (+1) VintageSurfer56606 (kinger55) - ee62000:

> He has discovered the main reason to be on the server: the tau bot^^ Else he's not really participating but he's a force on the leaderboard for sure. He had a rough time after CT were released he first time but after dropping out he shot back up and now stabilised with quite a lead, even fighting for 6th place. How will he do next month if a new CT comes?

8. (+2) AdamH99 (nemesis) - ee61607:

> Recently found here on the server and no longer an unknown! So far it was fast and steady wins the race - and now he is here in the Top 10, it is more like a back and forth.  Also worth a mention: he is in the Top 10 for all minigames, getting the final ones during the last months!
>
> I asked: Will this fuel his motivation again to come back? Looks like he fought back and this time he reclaimed his place. A big gap to the top means he'll have to fight against the usurpers first. What will the next month bring? Maybe an end to the swings?

9. (-2) harumaki200 (harumaki) - ee61601:

> So far with the lowest amount of Discord messages but at least still here^^ Custom theories required some posts but that was it somewhat sadly.
>
> Activity on the server is no where equivalent to activity ingame and this holds true here very well. Continuously on the rise, custom theories proved to be a further boost. Now it will be hard to progress more but maybe old legends will be pulled down soon nevertheless? To elaborate on that: while nothing changed regarding placements, the distance to Anth did get smaller. The future looks bright here! Well, that didn't age well. I think it was a first drop in the ranking and he lost quite some ground. Now even #11 is looking scarily close. Time to pick up the pace again!

10. (+1) Remmoire (Keynez) - ee61540:

> Has been seen already but not 100% certain what their name is here on the server. From the usage of the !tau command it looks like the given name has to be correct, though they have yet to talk to others than the tau bot since April 2021. Nevertheless they're certainly a constant on the top of the leaderboard.
>
> Last month the trend was Keynez friend but this month it wasn't. The gap to the places above grew and shrank to the places below. Better fight hard now!

11. ReckonCrew (ReckonCrew) - ee61507:

> They have all their messages on the server from a single day about 12 months ago, which is an achievement in itself I guess^^
>
> Not much else to say except they are still where they left off (thanks, less work shifting people around). Not only is this impressive during these changing times but he made progress in regards to the Top 10! To my surprise I couldn't jinx it by predicting no change. Continue to be my favorite kind of ranking player ;)

12. some gibberish I won't even try typewriting[name may change any second] (nubest) - ee61269:

> Long time member of this server, with quite a lot of messages a name to know. Maybe not the founder but excessive user of a rather unusual kind of text emoji: ouo and variations of it. She also likes to call hax and people bad which seems to correlate with her orthographic skills.
>
> Threatening her position (or maybe only Snaeky doing that) will lead to overclocking the nubest.exe. Maybe it will even lead to the forbidden art of doing active theories.
>
> I'm still waiting for Top 10, no pressure though. I guess saying active bad (while still doing some active) might hurt in that regard - even though as the Idle Lord I approve of such a playstyle^^ Also tried the e1000 T5 challenge but aborted after reaching about 980, which isn't even second highest (Gen is just to good).

13. (new) Runer112 (Runer112) - ee61231:

> Their last activity was over half a year ago on the server - ingame is certainly different. While mainly hovering around rank 20, they dropped out for a while. Now they came back with a bang, gaining 11(!) places to get a new best placement. I don't know what they did but I want to use that too! Will that be sustainable though? I'll look forward on their future endeavors!

14. (-1) SnaekySnacks (SnaekySnacks) - ee61223:

> Had a hard time not to think of sneaky but okay^^ Maybe the most active person on the server [citation needed]. Also known for his contributions to the guide and answering questions seemingly everywhere and everytime^^ Helping is in his blood and so he helps nubest with their friendly battle. Due to his work he's been less active lately and thus cannot catch up. You're doing a great job though!
>
> Let someone enter the space between him and nubest this time, that can't stay that way!

15. (+1) xelaroc (AlexCord) - ee61204:

> He is a very active member of this community here and even more in the game in respect to the minigames. An insane 600+ million(!) total stars (over 450 million of them minigame stars) are unrivaled and very impressive. Now he also made himself a name with his own custom theory which got approved and added as official to the game.
>
> Custom theories boosted him a lot and while he hasn't really got more places, he regained his entry placement and is quite close to a few of the higher places. The rise could start again, while I also wonder when he'll get that crazy 1 billion stars^^

16. (+1) spqcey (randomname) - ee61199:

> No idea what the name means but not that random of a person^^ We have another minigame master with a very impressive 1.41e8 minigame stars. Not only that but he's also pretty active in the realm of collecting data in sheets like the tau graphing sheet and the f(t) sheet. He's pretty active on the Discord server and is certainly a welcome addition to the rankings!
>
> Seemingly glued to xelaroc. Maybe it is time to swap places? Looking forward to see him trying to raise even further!

17. (-2) ConvolutedEarth28 (?) - ee61122:

> Not much to say except a vague feeling I should know who this is but I don't. Cool name though^^ Maybe we'll know more at some point in the future?
>
> Custom theories had been hard on them but they still managed to fight and keep their Top 20 spot, showing you can still do well while being not on the server! Still not so sure how much longer it can be sustainable though...

18. (new) omgIdidItyayy[previously NubIsBest or TREDEC42] (XLII) - ee61112:

> Our one real new addition to the leaderboard! To be fair, he already had a well deserved honorable mention but still not a ranking place. Missed out last month by a bit but gaining 4 spots made for a strong entrance!
>
> If there is someone to associate with nailing the new custom theories and really taking the stage it has to be XLII (as the person besides the machines Gen and Playspout). Not only that, he's one of the fastest rising players, who is pretty impressive across the board: lots of stars (and minigame stars, also third) and even appearing on tau leaderboards for the original theories. His activity in the server is a nice bonus on top!
>
> And recently he entered the simulation game and has been of great help in that field! Go ahead and rise some more!

19. (-1) Fireburner80 (Gull Dewcat) - ee61000:

> His in-game activity seems to mirror his server activity: preferably idle. Long time around this spot, maybe he'll get the fire back and start rising again? For now it still looks like the fire might still burn but not enough to compete with the players above. I fear for his future!

20. (new) UpArtz (?) - ee60999:

> Seems to be active on Reddit but not here, though this is unclear. Never really noticed this name before starting the ranking but certainly up is once again appropriate^^
>
> last time he dropped out, I wrote the following: "The release of custom theories has hit him hard, as he now trails #20 by about the same amount he previously had more. On the other hand he's the player who has gotten back once before after dropping out, so the last word has not yet been spoken!"
>
> Took him 2 month to gain that one spot but now he's back! Still very close, so who knows if he'll get relegated again or stays in there. I'm interested and impressed by that fighting spirit!

Some enter the list and so some have to leave the list as well. Here are our fallen fellows from this month:

21. (-2) JuannTitor (JuanTitor) - ee60991:

> On the server it looks like a lot of bot commands lately but from time to time he pops up for some other comment. Lately it looks like he pops a few places lower on the rankings each time, intending to lose more each month.
>
> It is very close but repeating that pattern meant losing the fight for his life in the rankings. As it is so close he might get back though, so I won't write him off.

22. (-8) UnbelievableSlacker (Slacker) - ee60973:

> This time he was really slacking too often (sorry, couldn't help it) and mirroring his comparably rather little server presence he took a hit in the rankings, so hard it actually threw him out of the Top 20. My predicted hard times came and now I can only hope for some less slacking! One should never lose hope for a comeback!

23. (-3) pmloikjuyhbn (pmloikjuyhbn) - ee60969:

> What an abomination of a name xD Inactive on the server since middle of June 2021, so not much is known about them except their development after the rankings started.
>
> Custom theories said no to their existence in the rankings. Then they came right back. After the gathering comes the scattering and out they are again. Will that pattern continue for was that it for good now? With another custom theory coming it might be the last time we saw him but I've never been the prediction expert^^

### An honorable mention goes to

1. (on iOS) Phask (Phask) - ee61371:

> Longtime leader on the iOS leaderboard and actually in the Top 20 overall if combined. Looks like he actually might be pretty close to the Top 10 on Android (currently #12)! He's also on the server, though his active times are some months ago. Also known as the creator of the first Tau data collection sheet.
>
> As I'm an Android player it is hard to keep track of what he's doing but his consistency to stay close to the Top 10 overall means he hasn't lost his edge, though while he kept the gap, newer Android players replaced the old challengers, which might spell trouble for him. So far it seems he's losing f(t) very slowly, though who knows if it will stay that way?

Surprise, surprise! Once again you get not one but two honorable mentions (please nominate someone with a reason for future inclusion of players if you have somebody in mind) because one is long overdue and the other is currently needed:

55. IntellectualPower112 (NGZ001) - ee59000:

> Really started to shine during this month. Appeared a bit more in the server and especially for custom theories! Edged me out for a very impressive 4th place in completing both custom theories. Another impressive stat are his stars: almost 500 million overall and almost 400 million minigame stars. A real competitor for xelaroc (or at least forcing him to put some serious effort into maintaining his lead there)! What is maybe even more impressive for me is the speed in which he achieved all this: 198 days of playtime only.
>
> Let's hope at some point in the future he can enter the rankings to join his friends on the leaderboard (XLII already showed the way^^)!

0 or ?. LeBaldy [guessed] (Ayo, Baldy in the old times) - about ee130000 on his beta save, enough for T9 on main:

> There is too much to say about him in a short honorable mention but he has been there for a long time, founding the guide and working hard on getting the grad calc going (thanks Gilles for ruining that a bit with CTs^^). Has 100000+ messages in the server as far as I know and while there have been problems, he has answered and helped out a lot of people!
>
> His passion for f(t) is non existent (besides his beta save, which is very impressive^^) but for other things it is exceptionally high, like for his negative L5 save with millions of taps.
>
> Keep calm and going!

As it turned out to be quite the undertaking to write this month edition, minor changes happened, though nothing to actually change the rankings this time. Nice! Ah wait, there has been that ee67437 person, who totally legit popped up. Oh no, he's a cheater! Currently - with Gilles on vacation - there are some (2 Android, 1 iOS) very likely cheaters on the leaderboard who have obviously been ignored in the rankings.
