---
title: "Rankings & News June 2023"
description: "Rankings of the Top 20 players with more infos and news about occurrences from June 2023"
author: "AfuroZamurai"
contributors: "the Amazing Community"
discord: false
date: 2023-06-30
---

## June 2023

### News

There are news, right?

Obligatory plea for feedback:
If anyone has ideas, please let me (and/or the guide team) know. If you have criticism do it as well. If you don't want to end up in any news/rankings outside the server, then contact me so I could either exclude or anonymise you.

### Rankings

So after once again avoiding the rankings in favor of news for a bit (and being extra late anyway), it is finally time for the update!

June 2023 Top 20 on the leaderboard, their \\(F(t)\\) at the time the list was compiled and their Discord connection (Discord names in brackets are not their nicknames!):

1. HeadedArt26 (Playspout) - ee68826:

> If you ever looked at the record sheet you should know him because he's literally everywhere there (still holding him off from T2/T4 for now^^). Also pretty active here, doing everything imaginable! Added fun fact: did ee50000 without T9. I wonder if there is anything he isn't active in^^
>
> Playspout is the Ling Ling of Exponential ~~Idle~~Active with 40 hours a day (and more saves than any person should have) and still searching for new theory strats and writing and and and. Having established a firm lead the only question to remain seems: will Gen still try again or will Playspout lose some motivation and allow someone else to get close? So could you slow down please?
> The answer is: yes and no. Gen is trying but not showing, Playspout hasn't lost motivation or slowed down, instead playing for the long game (and slipping by getting his updated score here, so no longer shadow #1).

2. AdamH99 (nemesis) - ee68612:

> Found the server some while ago and no longer an unknown! Looks like he is going fast and steady, this time overtaking me. There we have someone on a mission...
>
> So for quite a while now he is consistent in doing hardcore active pushing and so I just hope ~~he loses motivation~~ he continues to go strong. Good at minigames! Too bad for him Playspout just posted his score again but I doubt this will deter him. I'm pretty sure he had the number 1 spot for a brief while inbetween, so good for him!
>
> Also whatever EI steroids he's on, I think I'd need them too^^ I mean at some point he'll have to pay the price of not overpushing but that spirit is commendable.

3. VintageSurfer56606 (kinger55) - ee68600:

> He has discovered the main reason to be on the server: the tau bot^^ Well, that joke lost its meaning a few months ago but it is hard to let go^^
> Else he's not really participating (unless I ask for a tau update) but he's a force on the leaderboard for sure. He certainly figured out CTs and firmly planted himself in the Top 5 until Adam showed up. If I had to bet I'd say he'll get at least Top 3 one day! Not that anyone above would want to give ground though but that is not necessary if he keeps pushing harder.
And there we go! He's up here and regardless of the courtesy of Gen not updating and me not really pushing harder it is an incredible achievement! I have to add: he has definitely overtaken me in any imaginable way and the question remains: can he do the same in the future for the ones ahead? I wouldn't say no to that.

4. Eldrail (AfuroZamurai) - ee68304:

> Always a bit difficult to write about oneself^^ Activity here is more in phases but at least pretty regularly (so hopefully daily), in the game I do like my idle theories (who could've guessed?). Favourite phrase: Time for active theories I guess^^ (while not doing that until I set myself a challenge). Also loves chess.
>
> Finally got #1 in the rankings but without actually ever being #1...! Too bad Playspout showed up again before the cheater was removed. I guess I'll have to keep hunting!
> Note: hunting can be defined broadly and this absolutely ~~in~~efficient phase of idle is certainly just a long-term plot to regain my #1 spot for real. Totally.
>
> Well, yeah, about that... I'm back to being the Idle Lord and have found my fun in that. Still trying though, just not very hard.

5. BlackSeal94 (BlackSeal) - ee68278:

> Seldom seen here but always great to see him update his insane T6 stat (discounting Playspout who shouldn't count anyways)^^  Custom theories have kind of awoken him to be more active here, which is nice. It also made him more active in the rankings, which is not so nice ;)
>
> He had turned on CT overdrive but as the new CTs lose their power he's back to catching up. Looks like he is firmly settled into 5th place (well, with a grain of salt being Gen) after kind of losing the battle against his adversaries. I'll give him good chances to overtake me though.

6. (+1) Finalultima (Finalultima) - ee68223:

> While they showed up a day before the rankings they got into the Top 20 in "real" Discord conversations (after some month of talking with the tau bot!) activity is still almost negligible but happy to have them and looking forward to seeing more!
>
> Amazing fast progress and now the gap to close is pretty big. Still an impressive achievement getting here and after seeing their distribution I have no doubt it is fully deserved! Though others aren't here to settle down either...
>
> Looks like perseverance is paying off and they are creeping ever closer.

7. (+1) colinc719 (?) - ee68168:

> They were maybe the biggest surprise when entering the rankings, shooting up from somewhere I cannot even remember directly into the Top 20 and never looking back. We cannot even know more about them because it looks like they are still not on the server. Maybe the future will give us more (so far not). 
> For now they just entered Top 10 after first disappearing for a bit from the leaderboards completely and staying after not disappearing this month.

8. (-2) some gibberish I won't even try typewriting[name may change any second] (nubest) - ee68135:

> She has been a long time member of this server, with quite a lot of messages a name to know. Maybe not the founder but excessive user of a rather unusual kind of text emoji: ouo and variations of it. She also likes to call hax and people bad which seems to correlate with her orthographic skills.
>
> Unfortunately life came in the way and besides a pause on the server her leaderboard placement was suffering for it. Fortunately she is now back! And what a statement to get back into the Top 10 and even climbing and climbing! Maybe its the cat emojis^^ Or the elaborate strategies which are surely not active because nub only idles, sure.
>
> Looks like the competition isn't making life easy but never count her off!

9. UpArtz (?) - ee67891:

> Seems to be active on Reddit but not here, though this is unclear.
>
> They were already out of the Top 20 and were often on the edge but because of that I'm even more impressed by their fighting spirit, seeing the gap closing to actually entering the single digits! Applause for reaching the Top 10!

10. ReckonCrew (ReckonCrew) - ee67879:

> They have all their messages on the server from a single day about 25 months ago, which is an achievement in itself I guess^^
>
> Not much else to say except they are pretty stable, mainly gaining a place now and then (and sometimes losing one). I do like stable players for this ranking^^
>
> He did give me some work by switching places but at least he remains mainly in the same rankings group (which is now irrelevant but whatever)^^ And back to the Top 10 as well!

11. (+2) Antharion1988 (Antharion) - ee67664:

> The original legend, longtime #1, creator of the original tau simulator and sadly not that active anymore (both in the game and on the server), though we can still see him (and he's certainly not given up^^) from time to time.
>
> It was a surprise but a welcome one to see him back in the Top 10 at some point and even staying for a bit! Now the competition sadly got him but no reason to give him up.
> Gogogo!!!
>
> Looking good! Him gaining places is giving me joy!

12. (+3) adequateryan (adequate ryan) - ee67600:

> Entered a few month ago. But who do we welcome into our ranks? I have no idea as they are seemingly on the server but with a whooping 0 messages so far. While I always feel a bit of sadness seeing veteran players fall, I do like new players coming in, showing all is fluid and you can catch up.
>
> Now I wonder if they'll stay or even rise or maybe even more surprisingly start to talk on the server! So far only rise and no talk... Or no rise and no talk... Or no talk and rise...

13. (-2) TREDEC42 (XLII) - ee67538:

> I don't even know where to start but he's doing amazing ingame and out of the game! Rising more and more thanks to his CT prowess (in absolute values currently #2), original theory pushing, the newly reached insane 1e9 stars and lots of pushing. To add to that he's a minigame record hunter (having passed 1 billion minigame stars), sim programmer, CT balancer, helper and very active on the server!
>
> I was really happy to see him enter the Top 10 for a ranking and not only for a short time! I heard he's ready to cash in and start the hunt, so my expectations are high^^ I should not have said that, now I jinxed it. Or maybe he's just taking his time^^ We'll see...

14. (+2) harumaki200 (harumaki) - ee67533:

> So far with some of the lowest amount of Discord messages but at least still here^^ Custom theories required some posts but that was it somewhat sadly.
>
> Activity on the server is no where equivalent to activity ingame and this held true here very well. For a while they had stopped playing completely but now grinding is back on the menu! Welcome back!

15. (+4) birrel69 (birrel) - ee67487:

> The rival of d4Nf6Bg5 (or rather the involuntary rival). While falling behind, he now made his move and passed him for a first time entry into the Top 20!
> He popped up on the server to announce his entry into the Top 20 in December, only to be overtaken again before the rankings was made. For now he's savely in utilizing the same strat of having 2 saves.
> Sometimes he shows up and exchanges some words with his rival, staying commited to the strategy of not sharing information, instead preferring to use what we find to better climb. Well, its not like anything is forced and in the end it depends on how you play your save, so on you go!

16. (+2) Melv0r (Melv0r) - ee67407:

> I have a vague feeling he should've been already in a month before I included him, considering my notes on f(t) but hey, he's here now! 
> It has been a while since he was seen on the server, with messages dating back to 2021 making him an old veteran but still below a hundred messages. But what matters for this ranking is not activity in the server (though still nice) but activity in the game. And there he fought his way up and up until he got into this prestigious list. 
> Now it's time to see if he can hold his place!

17. (new) hotab1 (hotab) - ee67401:

> I have a vague feeling he shouldn't have been in when I first included him but well, now he's in for sure.
> Right now he's the player with the second highest T4 and a pretty decent theory distribution - but his T5 looks like it could help him get even higher.
> I'll be interested to see if he can keep up the pace or if pushing T6 will cost him at some point.

18. (new) IntellectualPower112 (NGZ001) - ee67382:

> Over a year ago he already had an honourable mention. I wrote:
> Let's hope at some point in the future he can enter the rankings to join his friends on the leaderboard (XLII already showed the way^^)!
> 
> He was far behind but with his activity and passion I'm not surprised to finally see him enter the Top 20!
> Back then he started to appear a bit more in the server and especially for custom theories. He certainly continued this trend.
> Very impressive minigamer, second to probably none, having passed 1 billion minigame stars by a fair margin.
> Equally impressive in custom theories, second only to Playspout and not by much.
> Here is one player I can see rise more and more!

19. (new) d4Nf6Bg5 (d4Nf6Bg5) - ee67208:

> He's been on the server and the rankings hunt for a while. A long while actually. According to him surely every day he wasn't here too long.
>
> If you know chess notation you can deduce from his name he's a chess player (you can go as far as allow him his self-proclaimed expert status given his 2500+ lichess rating^^). As I'm something of a chess player myself I already like that^^
>
> Being driven by his desire to finally reach the rankings but hindered by competition, long times for small gains and not much desire to actually cash in on the actives, he decided to do a first here at the top (at least as far as we know): he split his saves. One of them is going for the long haul and the other - this one - got the theory automator running 24/7 for the short-term gain. 
> This can work but for now he dropped out until his cash-in will happen. With the power of active theories and accel I expect him to be back.
> The comeback took longer than expected but here he is. I can't help but say: birrel69 is still quite a bit ahead ;)

20. (new) JuannTitor (JuanTitor) - ee67176:

> On the server it looks like a lot of bot commands lately but from time to time he pops up for some other comment.
>
> For quite a while he's fighting really hard for his place in the ranking and has been out and back again. His comebacks must be a record, right?
>
> Oh no, Top 20 streak is over! Time for a comeback then? Yes, it was comeback time!

Some enter the list and so some have to leave the list as well. Here are our fallen fellows from this month:

21. (-4) SnaekySnacks (SnaekySnacks) - ee67174:

> Had a hard time not to think of sneaky but okay^^ Maybe the most active person on the server [citation needed]. Also known for his contributions to the guide and answering questions seemingly everywhere and everytime^^ Due to his work he's been less active lately (which seems still pretty active to me). You're doing a great job though! Same goes for his own custom theory idea (EF) which got implemented with the help of peanut and XLII.
>
> Despite all this distractions he was still consistently in the rankings! Now I'm even looking forward to him entering the Top 10 for the first time (in my rankings, in between he already reached it). Okay, so close but yet so far... Don't drop :( Too late...
> And with other things happening, he finally fell out... No worry, you're still on of the greats and maybe he'll be back!

22. (-10) spqcey (randomname) - ee67124:

> No idea what the name means but not that random of a person^^ 
> We have another minigame master with a very impressive 2.95e8 minigame stars. Not only that but he's also pretty active in the realm of collecting data in sheets like the theory strats, variable power or (sadly inactive for now) the tau graphing sheet and the \\(F(t)\\) sheet. He's pretty active on the Discord server and a very impressive custom theory master.
>
> When Top 10? Not this month... That aged poorly for this instance. What happened? About no activity means an unexpected drop out of the Top 20. We'll see if he'll start to be active again, which would mean I'd see him get back.

24. (-10) GenErationNation (Gen) - ee67017:

> While he cannot consistently keep up the 1000 messages per month, the Juggernaut is not stopping any time soon, neither ingame, nor in the server. Don't be deceived by his stagnant \\(F(t)\\), he's actually very close to Playspout!
>
> Maybe not at the absolute top for CTs (though I think in terms of efficiency he actually is or at least very close) but still going strong enough with accel (the madman^^) to keep closer to Playspout than he should. If this will be enough to get back his #1 can be doubted though he will try it. I also wonder when he'll be updating his score (and similarily dreading it because it will be high).
> Will a drop out of the Top 20 bring him to update? The answer is a clear "no". It is weird to have one of the top players be not even in the Top 20 anymore because of missing updates, but what can you do? It is impressive enough that it took him from October 2022 (when he reached this score as #1) until now, 7 months later, to fall out of the Top 20.
> While it makes me look a place better, I cannot avoid hoping for him to really take part again and update his score to reappear at the top of the leaderboard.

26. (-6) Fireburner80 (Gull Dewcat) - ee66809:

> His in-game activity seems to mirror his server activity: preferably idle (though he is an old veteran who was somewhat active back in the days). He did idled out of the rankings before but already showed the fire for a comeback. And he did it again!
> I wonder when I'll have to look up who had the most comebacks, though I wonder if he'll stay for longer this time. Not necessary to look for now^^
> Maybe necessary now, especially with JuanTitor back again. Not going to do that now and keeping this as a potential reminder, I can forget again. Well, if he'll make another comeback it might trigger me to actually count :)

### An honourable mention goes to

1. (on iOS) neasi_cz (neasi) - ee67600:

> A not not that new face anymore on the top of the iOS leaderboard! Overtaking Phask and finally getting to rank 1 after a long hunt, turning to working on increasing the difference.
> He is not that active on the server but not unknown either. Maybe we'll see him more in the future?
> It might be possible we have in him somebody who is ready to challenge the established overall Top 10 hold by Android players, though it is still to early to say that. For now he climbed to #13 on the combined leaderboard, which sees him getting closer!

2. (on iOS) Phask (Phask) - ee67185:

> He was the longtime leader on the iOS leaderboard and actually in the Top 20 overall if combined. For quite some time it looked like he actually might be pretty close to the Top 10 on Android but lately he fell pretty hard, even losing the #1 spot for iOS. 
> He's actually still in it though, still being at #19 in the combined leaderboard (or rather #20 if we count neasi_cz) which earns him the continued mention! 
> He's also on the server, though his active times are some months ago. Also known as the creator of the first Tau data collection sheet.

And in the end it is of course time for the "real" honourable mention (please nominate someone with a reason for future inclusion of players if you have somebody in mind) as neasi_cz and Phask are technically in the Top 20 rankings (be happy for 2 mentions because last month was missed):

1628. gAlexLee (Dusk) - ee50001:

> The man, the myth, the legend!
> A long overdue mention, which was in large part attributed to an insane project (which had to be finished before writing this) I already mentioned in the March news: reaching ee50000 f(t) without ever using T5 and not even using any custom theories due to not completing T9.
> While this is alone is already impressive and noteworthy, Alex is a long time member of the server and has programmed several bots still running there.
> If you ever want to wonder about why the highest score is the challenge score: Alex has already managed to get some stupidly high (and obviously out of any normally achievable) numbers, achieved by using beta tools, which put any cheater to shame (and even Baldy and his beta save).
> Recently Alex also took charge of the Probability Theory, so he's in about anything possible!


A final note: there is one player, who popped up this month on the leaderboard and right in the Top 20. As they were nowhere to be seen before and so far anonymous, this seems at least a bit suspicious. Before it is not verified I won't include them here, though I won't be accusing them either because you never know - maybe they just weren't connected before.
Some more blatantly obvious ones (regardless of there intent) in the Top 3 with their 74000 save (which cannot be reached yet) are as usually excluded from the list.

As it turned out to be quite the undertaking to write this month edition (what an understatement after over 2 months), I managed to get one accel round through to take back my place from Seal!
