---
title: "Rankings & News October 2024"
description: "Rankings of the Top 20 players with more infos and news about occurrences from October 2024"
author: "Eylanding"
contributors: "the Amazing Community"
discord: false
date: 2024-10-07
---

## October 2024

### News

Seasons is over! We've had some fights in seasons and an incredibly close race for 1st (and 7th), but the 2 month long gauntlet has ended for all of us, and I think we are all glad it's over, especially our winner d4! Congratulations d4 for winning the first season and also congratulations to our 2nd and 3rd places Python's Koala and NGZ!

The next season is probably going to happen around January 2025, so stay tuned and be ready, it could be your time for glory!

But it's not just seasons, our top players (specifically Playspout, cause we have no data from the others) have reached 10k tau! We're one step closer to eee5. November maybe?

And finally, Blackseal is now the first person to have gotten 800 T3. Congrats Blackseal

Obligatory plea for feedback:
If anyone has ideas, please let me (and/or the guide team) know. If you have criticism do it as well. If you don't want to end up in any news/rankings outside the server, then contact me so I could either exclude or anonymise you.

### Rankings

Alright, these leaderboards are changing faster then ever, and this month is no exception. Still volatile from the CT buff, positions are changing everywhere

October 2024 Top 20 on the leaderboard, their \\(F(t)\\) at the time the list was compiled and their Discord connection (Discord names in brackets are not their nicknames!), data collected November 1st:

1. (+1) birrel69 (birrel) - ee98710:

> The rival of d4Nf6Bg5 (or rather the involuntary rival). While at first falling behind, he has long made his move and passed him for a rising spot in the rankings.
>
> He popped up on the server to announce his entry into the Top 20, only to be overtaken again before the rankings was made. For now he's safely in utilizing the same strat of having 2 saves.
>
> Sometimes he shows up and exchanges some words with his rival, staying committed to the strategy of not sharing information, instead preferring to use what we find to better climb. Well, its not like anything is forced and in the end it depends on how you play your save, so on you go! It's been 9 months since the last update, and still, he refuses to divulge anything. His strategies seems to be working though, because he is on fire
>
> After being on the edge of the Top 10, he has turned on overdrive. Scary stuff, with no end in sight so far. He hit number one for a while but has fallen to number 2. Still going strong, will he ever run out of steam? No, he wont as Final falls and Birrel is there to claim top spot
> ~~at some point we gotta take him down from the leaderboard cause this guy it was to hax~~

2. (+1) HeadedArt26 (Playspout) - ee98493:

> If you ever looked at the record sheet you should know him because he's literally on top everywhere there (well, except apparently ~~7~~8/8 of the original theories on main save).
>
> Also pretty active here on the server, doing everything imaginable! 
>
> Added fun fact: did ee50000 without T9. I wonder if there is anything he isn't active in^^
>
> Playspout is the Ling Ling of Exponential ~~Idle~~Active with 40 hours a day (and more saves than any person should have) and still searching for new theory strats and writing and and and. 
>
> Having fallen down to 3rd place, the question remains, will he be able to reclaim his former glory? The answer may again be yes, as he rises up to 2nd

3. (-2) Finalultima (Finalultima) - ee98344:

> While they showed up a day before the rankings they got into the Top 20 in "real" Discord conversations (after some month of talking with the tau bot!) activity is still almost negligible but happy to have them and looking forward to seeing more!
>
> Amazing fast progress and now ~~the gap to close is pretty big~~ he has more than closed the gap! An absolutely incredible feat making it all the way up here, even if you have fallen a little.
>
> He seems quite cemented here, but you can never discount the competition here in the top 20. \- Eylanding, 1 month ago
>
> And that proves to be very true as he is knocked down to 3rd. Can he make a comeback?

4. (+0) VintageSurfer56606 (kinger55) - ee97576:

> He has discovered the main reason to be on the server: the tau bot^^ Well, that joke lost its meaning a lot of months ago but it is hard to let go^^
>
> Else he's not really participating (no more tau updates it seems...) but he's a force on the leaderboard for sure. He certainly figured out CTs and firmly planted himself near the top
>
> He's still distanced himself from the rest of the competition, and running up against Play, it looks like the entire leaderboard has fallen 2 places. Can he do the same for Play?
>
> Well, it looks like he's is pulling away, and Kinger might have to move on to others. Final, watch out!

5. (+1) EijaRisen (?) - ee97209:

> This new entry is not stopping!
>
> I've never heard of them before, but clearly they had some good CTs to shoot this far up. They seem to be on a steady rise, where they'll go next, who knows?
>
> But wherever it is, it's up, as they rise to top 5!

6. (+1) AbsoPerfKOR (?) - ee97200:

> This time I can only say that they hovered near the Top 20 for a long time. Active play with lots of pushes seems to finally be the recipe for progress.
>
> They rose up 11 ranks, more unknown players taking to the top. Will they stop? Will they keep rising? Well, they've decided they're gonna keep rising, so we'll see if they can keep it going
>
> There is no server presence, so nothing more to say so far.

7. (+4) ReckonCrew (ReckonCrew) - ee97043:

> They have all their messages on the server from a single day about 43 months ago, which is an achievement in itself I guess^^ 
>
> Actually cannot find them anymore, maybe because of the Discord name update? Or maybe because Discord sometimes doesn't want to actually search.
>
> Not much else to say except they are pretty stable, mainly gaining a place now and then (and sometimes losing one). I do like stable players for this ranking^^
>
> Well, he may have been losing more then gaining last moth, but he's back at it, up 4 places and into top 10!


8. (-3) IntellectualPower112 (NGZ001) - ee96800:

> Over a year ago he already had an honourable mention. Afuro wrote:
>
> Let's hope at some point in the future he can enter the rankings to join his friends on the leaderboard (XLII already showed the way^^)!
>
> He was far behind but with his activity and passion we weren't surprised to finally see him enter the Top 20!
>
> Back then he started to appear a bit more in the server and especially for custom theories. He certainly continued this trend.
>
> Very impressive minigamer, second to probably none, having passed 1 billion minigame stars by a fair margin.
>
> Equally impressive in custom theories, second only to Playspout and not by much.
>
> Here is one player I've seen rise more and more, with the Top 10 only the beginning! He's still on the climb, faster than ever, briefly making it all the way to top 5. The bubble is starting to pop though as he slides down to 8th

9. (+5) Melv0r (Melv0r) - ee96780:

> I have a vague feeling he should've been already in a month before I included him, considering my notes on f(t) but hey, he's here now!
>
> It has been a while since he was seen on the server, with messages dating back to 2021 making him an old veteran but still below a hundred messages. But what matters for this ranking is not activity in the server (though still nice) but activity in the game. And there he fought his way up and up until he got into this prestigious list.
>
> Can e hold his place? Well, he's doing a lot better then that! Rising up by 5 he has entered the top 10! Welcome, and congratulations

10. (~~not very~~ new - updated) ~~some gibberish I won't even try typewriting[name may change any second]~~ no1knowisecretlyenter {changed} (nubest) - ee96587:

> Did you think she was out? Cause you thought wrong. Updated and back into top 10, her idle strategies are more definitely working!
>
> She has been a long time member of this server, with quite a lot of messages a name to know. Maybe not the founder but excessive user of a rather unusual kind of text emoji: ouo and variations of it. 
>
> She also likes to call hax and people bad which seems to correlate with her orthographic skills.
>
> Unfortunately life came in the way and besides a pause on the server her leaderboard placement was suffering for it. Fortunately she is now back! 
>
> Potentially her competitors are too active now, though she is still pretty high up. Maybe its the cat emojis^^ Or the elaborate strategies which are surely not active because nub only idles, sure.

11. (-3) colinc719 (?) - ee96508:

> They were maybe the biggest surprise when entering the rankings, shooting up from somewhere I cannot even remember directly into the Top 20 and never looking back. We cannot even know more about them because it looks like they are still not on the server. Maybe the future will give us more (so far not).
>
> For now they just entered Top 10 after first disappearing for a bit from the leaderboards completely and made clear Top 10 was just a step on the way. 
>
> Just making it in-between last news,  It felt like it is only a matter of time before Top 3 is their spot, but the onslaught of players was too much. Just goes to show how strong the competition is!
>
> And sadly the competition has knocked him from top 10 this month.

12. (new - updated) GenErationNation (Gen) - ee96389:

> Nubs not the only one who's still on the leaderboard, this Juggernaut is not one to count out so easily! He's still here and still fighting, even if he fell out of top 10
>
> With a heavy heart I have to report that the Juggernaut has slowed down and maybe no longer is the Juggernaut. Still pretty strong though^^
>
> Maybe not at the absolute top for CTs (though I think in terms of efficiency he actually is or at least very close) and maybe suffered a bit in originals but still going strong enough with accel (the madman^^) to have more f(t) than one would expect.
>
> It is still so weird to see him lower but to be fair: rankings have always changed over time. I wonder where he'll settle down...

13. (-4) ItsNotMe109 (?) - 96374:

> Was the 2nd new person on this ranking in the top 10. Now, fallen out. Where they will end up next. Nobody knows.
>
> Again, no discord presence, so not much to say. Although It looks like he has a trick up his sleeve

(technically 14.) (new) itsnotme108 (?) - ee96186:

> Hmm, I wonder who this person it. I wonder, is it ItsNotMe109 doing a little save scumming?
>
> Regardless, it's not exactly fair to everyone to have one person count twice, so I'm moving everyone up one place, for the real top 20

14. (new) Albereinstein3456789 - ee96049:

> 3000 f(t) in one month? That's gotta be some kind of record. Shooting up from below 30th, he's cemented himself right into 14th
>
> Some do question is he's a cheater, but I shall give the benefit of the doubt, though we shall watch him closely. If this is you, come over and share your stats, so we can know your place without a doubt!

15. (+0) d4Nf6Bg5 (d4Nf6Bg5) - ee96012.8:

> He's been on the server and the rankings hunt for a while. A long while actually. According to him surely every day he wasn't in the Top 20 too long.
>
> If you know chess notation you can deduce from his name he's a chess player (you can go as far as allow him his self-proclaimed expert status given his 2500+ lichess rating^^). As I'm something of a chess player myself I already like that^^
>
> Being driven by his desire to finally reach the rankings but hindered by competition, long times for small gains and not much desire to actually cash in on the actives, he decided to do a first here at the top (at least as far as we know): he split his saves. One of them is going for the long haul and the other - this one - got the theory automator running 24/7 for the short-term gain.
>
> After a looong time he has managed to combine two things: overtaking birrel and doing it while entering the Top 10. Congratulations!
>
> Not just content with main leaderboards, he is proving to the a force to be reckoned with in seasons. He took an early lead and won the whole event! d4, clearly not a player to be reckoned with. But there's no such thing as a free lunch, on his main save, his actives are lagging behind, and his rankings are taking the hit. Birrel has turned to other things, can d4 keep up this playstyle?
>
> Well, seasons are over, so d4 can turn his season energy to the "real" leaderboard (not to say seasons aren't real!), and get ready to rise some ranks (or more likely sleep)
>
> He's stayed stable though seasons, an accomplishment in and of itself. Now let's see if he can rise

16. (+0) dragmehomenow (?) - ee94630:

> Our fifth new player has decided he likes top 20, and has settled down at 16th, though with leaderboards this wild, who knows where they'll end up


17. (-7) UpArtz (?) - ee95932:

> Seems to be active on Reddit but not here, though this is unclear.
>
> They were already out of the Top 20 and were often on the edge but because of that I'm even more impressed by their fighting spirit, seeing the gap closing to actually entering the single digits! Applause for reaching the Top 10!
>
> And it seems they are here to stay. Despite the entire leaderboard moving around them, they stayed constant in Top 10 (thank god). Looks like this player is here to stay. 
>
> Oh, oh no. Looks like my predictions were wrong (who would've thought!)

18. (+2) HumongousTroll273 (?) - ee95721:

> Just barely scraping into 20 top last month, he rises to 18th

19. (-6) xtevenx3 (Xteven) - ee95649:

> Welcome! And finally someone on this discord for once. It's looking like his self described playstyle of full idle might be hurting him. Or it was seasons, of which he was also a competitor. Fallen down to 19th but not out yet, with seasons over, Xteven isn't quite out yet!

20. (new) SnaekySnacks (SnaekySnacks) - ee95641:

> Had a hard time not to think of sneaky but okay^^ Maybe the most active person on the server [citation needed]. Also known for his contributions to the guide and answering questions seemingly everywhere and everytime^^ Due to his work he’s been less active lately (which seems still pretty active to me). You’re doing a great job though! Same goes for his own custom theory idea (EF) which got implemented with the help of peanut and XLII.
>
> Sadly, Snaeky has been out of the rankings for a while, falling back in 2023. When he fell, Afuro wrote: "And with other things happening, he finally fell out… No worry, you’re still on of the greats and maybe he’ll be back!", and it looks like he was right! Welcome back to top 20 Snaeky, we've missed you!

With so many new players entering the list, some have to leave the list as well. Here are our fallen fellows from this month. Number still bumped up by one. It's not the bottoms of the lb drop-off i expected, some bigger changes then that (greedy pushing catching up to them?):

22. (-10) Hephaistôs (?) - ee95554:

> Goodbye new player number 3.
>
> Maybe, They're destined to lurk down below the rankings after all. But 22 is not out for the count. 


21. (-4) AramakiSH (?) - ee95626:

> Another mystery person. I knew they were already somewhat close before stopping to update f(t) for over 2 months. I guess this is also a way to reappear!
>
> Outside of this I have no idea about them at all. Maybe they'll show up somewhere (or somebody else knows more). For now it's just admiring the rise and see if it will be a future problem to write about^^
>
> The future is here but not like I have anything to add... they've falling to 17th and then off the leaderboard. Maybe they'll update again soon

30. (-12) Iks2024 (?) - ee94666:

> This is where I expect to see new players lol. Welcome to top 20, and goodbye.

23. (-4) hotab1 (hotab) - ee95431:

> I have a vague feeling he shouldn't have been in when I first included him but well, now he's in for sure.
>
> Right now he's the one player listed on all 8 main save theories on the record sheet (wow).
>
> I'll be interested to see if he can keep up the pace or if pushing T6 will cost him at some point. Note: always push theories. Wait, that seems pretty obvious.
>
> Is he able to keep it up? He's slipping and he fell, but he might be back soon (foreshadowing?)


With so many new players entering the list, some have to leave the list as well. Here are our fallen fellows from this month:

### An honourable mention goes to

1. (on iOS) neasi_cz (neasi) - ee97832:

> A not that new face anymore on the top of the iOS leaderboard! Having overtaken Phask and finally getting to rank 1 after a long hunt, he's fast increased his lead.
>
> He is not that active on the server but not unknown either. Maybe we'll see him more in the future?
>
> It might be possible we have in him somebody who is ready to challenge the established overall Top 10 hold by Android players, though it is still to early to say that. 
> Well, he managed to do it, and would be #4 in the android lb. Congrats on reaching top 10! (and representing iOS players).
>
> I have to say: I'm rooting for him!

2. (on iOS) Bobblyben (bobblyben) - ee95940:

> We've seem him before, but we just about characterized him as legit enough to be on this leaderboard. A sufferer of the 16x CT glitch, it could be argued that his save is invalid, but it has been fixed, and it's not lie he could've prevented it anyway.
>
> If you want to ignore him, you can, but at least in my opinion he deserves this spot in the top 20. Welcome Bobblyben to the top of iOS

3. (on iOS) アケローン川に住む入道坊主 (?) - ee95641

> There isn't much I can say except he has been playing catch-up since quite a while until finally getting on here.
>
> Afuro's glorious Japanese skills were enough to read the first part as "Acheron river". Seems the rest means a (young?) monk living there, according to his research.
>
> Or I could wait for someone to provide a better translation: Nyūdō monk who lives on the Acheron River (no guarantee for being right).
>
> First time we've seen 3 iOS players here!

And in the end it is of course time for the "real" honourable mention (please nominate someone with a reason for future inclusion of players if you have somebody in mind) as the iOS players are technically in the Top 20 rankings (or represent the top of the iOS leaderboard):

Oh no, I couldn't find an honourable mention this month. For the sake of the news coming out like at all, I guess we'll have to skip it :xexf:
